Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
WELCOME TO THE 63rd ANNUAL
GRAMMY AWARD. I'M TREVOR NOAH
AND I'M YOUR HOST AS WE
CELEBRATE THE LAST TEN YEARS OF
MUSIC THAT GOT US THROUGH ABOUT
TEN YEARS OF CORONAVIRUS. I KNOW
IT IS ONE YEAR BUT IT FEELS LIKE
TEN. WE HAVE MADE THE DECISION
TO SOCIALLY DISTANCE FROM THE
PRESTIGIOUS
PEER VOTED TROPHIES IN MUSIC
GIVING SHIEBEE NEW GRAMMY AWARDS
LIVE THROUGHOUT THE EVENING BUT
WE HAVE TO DO IT QUICKLY BECAUSE
TOMORROW THIS TENT IS RESERVED
FOR AN OUTDOOR WEDDING IN MALIBU
AND I DO IN THE WANT TO LOSE MY
SECURITY DEPOSIT.
REST ASSURED EVERYONE HERE IS
FOLLOWING COVID-19 PROTOCOLS AND
GUIDE LINES. THIS WILL BE THE
AWARD SHOW WHERE THE WHITE STUFF
GOING UP PEOPLE'S NOSESES COTTON
SWABS.
THIS LOOKS DIFFERENT. THE WHOLE
THING IS GOING TO BE DIFFERENT
BUT FOLKS WILL BE EVEN MORE
EXCITED BECAUSE OUR IMPRESSIVE
NOMINEES WILL BE SITTING AT
THOSE TABLES FOR THEIR AWARDS.
SO RIGHT NOW THERE IS MORE
TENSION IN THAT TENT THAN AT A
FAMILY REUNION AT BUCKINGHAM
PALACE.
AND I KNOW THAT YOU HAVEN'T BEEN
ABLE TO GO TO A CONCERT IN A
LONG TIME. NEITHER HAVE I.
SO TONIGHT WE'RE BRINGING THE
CONCERT TO YOU. AFTER EVERYONE
MAKES THEIR WAY DOWN THIS RED
CARPET THEY WILL HEAD INSIDE
THERE TO PERFORM FOR EACH OTHER
AND FOR YOU.
AND UNLIKE AN ACTUAL CONCERT.
TWO TEENAGERS ON STACKED ON TOP
WON'T BLOCK YOUR VIEW. THAT IS
WHAT TONIGHT IS ABOUT. IT IS
ABOUT BRINGING US TOGETHER AS
ONLY MUSIC CAN.
WELL. MUSIC AND VACCINES. WE
WILL CELEBRATE MUSIC AND
HOPEFULLY FORGET OUR PROBLEMS
UNLESS SOME OF OUR PROBLEMS ARE
BEING OBSESSED WITH HARRY STYLES
BECAUSE THAT WILL ONLY GET
WORSE. I CAN PROMISE YOU.
TONIGHT WE WILL ENJOY
PERFORMANCES FROM EVERYONE FROM
MEGAN THEE STALLION TO CARDI B.
BRUNO MARS. AN DERSON PAAK. TO
PAY LETTER SWIFT. WE WILL HEAR
MIRANDA LAMBERT. AND MAREN
MORRIS.
WE WILL PAY TRIBUTE TO SOME OF
THE MANY GREAT MUSICAL ARTISTS
THAT WE'VE LOST DURING THE LAST
YEAR INCLUDING LIL RICHARD AND
KENNY ROGERS AND JOHN PRINE.
WE'LL ALSO BRING YOU GLOBAL
SENSATIONS DUA LIPA. BAD BUNNY.
BTS AND POST MALONE PLUS
EXCITING PERFORMANCES BY DOJA
CAT. RODDY RICCH. BRANDI
CARLILE. JOHN MAYER. AND ON TOP
OF THAT WE WILL BE JINKED BY NOT
ONE BUT TWO OF THE BIGGEST AND
MOST BELOVED BABIES ON PLANET
EARTH. DABABY AND LITTLE BABY.
-- LIL BABY AND ALL OF THEM WILL
BE PERFORMING RIGHT HERE IN THIS
BEAUTIFUL ROOM.
TONIGHT WE ARE HOPING THAT THIS
IS ALL ABOUT WHAT 2021 CAN BE.
BEGINNINGS AND COMING TOGETHER.
NEVER FORGETTING WHAT HAPPENED
IN 2020 BUT FULL OF HOPE FOR
WHAT IS TO COME.
SO LET'S DO THIS. PEOPLE.
NOMINATED TONIGHT FOR BOTH
RECORD OF THE YEAR AND ALBUM OF
THE YEAR. BLACK PUMAS ARE HERE.
EVERYBODY.
SO GOOD TO YOU HAVE GUYS. MAN.
BIG FANS.
IT IS MY PLEASURE TO ANNOUNCE
THAT THE-- WILL BE JOINING US.
NOMINATED FOR ALBUM OF THE YEAR.
THAT'S RIGHT. AND RIGHT OVER
HERE. YOU BETTER START SCREAMING
BECAUSE I KNOW I AM. LAST YEAR
SHE MADE GRAMMY HISTORY. IT IS
BILLIE EILISH. EVERYBODY.
SHE WON SO MANY GRAMMYS LAST
YEAR THAT HER UBER HAUL WAS A
YOU HAUL. SHE IS BACK WITH HER
BROTHER TO PLAY THEIR GRAMMY
NOMINATED RECORD OF THE YEAR.
BUT FIRST. WE COULD NOT BE MORE
EXCITED TO KICK OFF OUR SHOW IN
THE BIGGEST WAY POSSIBLE.
PERFORMING AT THE GRAMMY AWARDS
FOR THE FIRST TIME EVER WITH
THREE GRAMMY NOMINATIONS
TONIGHT. THIS GUY IS A GLOBAL
MEGASTAR.
LADIES. YOU BETTER WATCH OUT
BECAUSE HE'LL STEAL YOUR HEART
AND YOUR DRESS AND HE'LL LOOK
DAMN GOOD DOING IT.
GIVE IT UP FOR HARRY STYLES.
♪ TASTES LIKE STRAWBERRIES
ON A SUMMER EVENIN'
♪ AND IT SOUNDS JUST LIKE
A SONG
♪ I WANT MORE BERRIES
AND THAT SUMMER FEELIN'
♪ IT'S SO WONDERFUL
AND WARM
♪ BREATHE ME IN
BREATHE ME OUT
♪ I DON'T KNOW IF I
COULD EVER GO WITHOUT
♪ I'M JUST THINK
--KING OUT LOUD
♪ I DON'T KNOW IF I COULD
EVER GO WITHOUT
♪ WATERMELON SUGAR HIGH
WATERMELON SUGAR HIGH
WATERMELON SUGAR
♪ STRAWBERRIES
ON A SUMMER EVENIN'
♪ BABY. YOU'RE THE END OF JUNE
I WANT YOUR BELLY
♪ AND THAT SUMMER FEELIN'
GETTING WASHED AWAY IN YOU
♪ BREATHE ME IN
BREATHE ME OUT
♪ I DON'T KNOW IF I COULD
EVER GO WITHOUT
♪ WATERMELON SUGAR HIGH
WATERMELON SUGAR HIGH
♪ I JUST WANNA TASTE IT
I JUST WANNA TASTE IT
♪ WATERMELON SUGAR HIGH
♪ ♪ ♪
♪ TASTES LIKE STRAWBERRIES
ON A SUMMER EVENIN'
♪ AND IT SOUNDS JUST LIKE
A SONG
♪ I WANT YOUR BELLY
AND THAT SUMMER FEELIN'
♪ I DON'T KNOW IF I COULD
EVER GO WITHOUT
♪ WATERMELON SUGAR HIGH
WATERMELON SUGAR HIGH
♪ I JUST WANNA TASTE IT
I JUST WANNA TASTE IT
♪ WATERMELON SUGAR HIGH
♪ I JUST WANNA TASTE IT
WATERMELON SUGAR HIGH
♪ WATERMELON SUGAR ♪
HARRY STYLES. THAT WAS
AMAZING. MAN.
I MEAN I WOULD HAVE WORN A SHIRT
FOR MY FIRST GRAMMYS. YOU KNOW.
BUT EACH TO HIS OWN.
EVERYBODY-- IT IS CRAZY TO THINK
EVERYONE THAT TALENTED AND
HANDSOME IS FROM THE SAME PLACE
AS BORE IS JOHNSON. MAN. THE
U.K. IS DIVERSE. NO TIME TO
WASTINGS SINGING HER GRAMMY
NOMINATED RECORD OF THE YEAR.
SMASH HIT. EVERYTHING I WANTED.
THIS IS BILLIE EILISH.
♪ ♪ ♪
♪ I HAD A DREAM
I GOT EVERYTHING I WANTED
♪ NOT WHAT YOU'D THINK
AND IF I'M BEIN' HONEST
♪ IT MIGHT'VE BEEN A NIGHTMARE
TO ANYONE WHO MIGHT CARE
♪ THOUGHT I COULD FLY
SO I STEPPED OFF THE GOLDEN. MM
♪ NOBODY CRIED
NOBODY EVEN NOTICED
♪ I SAW THEM STANDING
RIGHT THERE
♪ KINDA THOUGHT THEY
MIGHT CARE
♪ I HAD A DREAM
I GOT EVERYTHING I WANTED
♪ BUT WHEN I WAKE UP. I SEE
YOU WITH ME
♪ AND YOU SAY
"AS LONG AS I'M HERE
♪ NO ONE CAN HURT YOU"
DON'T WANNA LIE HERE
♪ BUT YOU CAN LEARN TO
IF I COULD CHANGE
♪ THE WAY THAT YOU SEE YOURSELF
YOU WOULDN'T WONDER WHY YOU HEAR
♪ "THEY DON'T DESERVE YOU"
I TRIED TO SCREAM
♪ BUT MY HEAD WAS UNDERWATER
THEY CALLED ME WEAK
♪ LIKE I'M NOT JUST
SOMEBODY'S DAUGHTER
♪ COULDA BEEN A NIGHTMARE
BUT IT FELT LIKE THEY WERE
♪ RIGHT THERE
AND IT FEELS LIKE YESTERDAY
♪ WAS A YEAR AGO
BUT I DON'T WANNA LET
♪ ANYBODY KNOW
'CAUSE EVERYBODY WANTS
♪ SOMETHING FROM ME NOW
AND I DON'T WANNA LET 'EM DOWN
♪ I HAD A DREAM
I GOT EVERYTHING I WANTED
♪ BUT WHEN I WAKE UP. I SEE
YOU WITH ME
♪ AND YOU SAY
"AS LONG AS I'M HERE
♪ NO ONE CAN HURT YOU
DON'T WANNA LIE HERE
♪ BUT YOU CAN LEARN TO
♪ IF I KNEW IT ALL THEN
WOULD I DO IT AGAIN?
♪ WOULD I DO IT AGAIN?
IF THEY KNEW WHAT THEY SAID
♪ WOULD GO STRAIGHT TO MY HEAD
WHAT WOULD THEY SAY INSTEAD? ♪
♪ ♪ ♪
BILLIE EILISH AND FINNEAS.
EVERYBODY. KEEP IT GOING. Y'ALL.
KEEP IT GOING. EVERY SINGLE
TIME. MAN. AMAZING.
NOW A TRIO OF SISTERS FROM RIGHT
HERE IN LOS ANGELES NOMINATED
FOR ALBUM OF THE YEAR TONIGHT.
ABOUT TO ROCK OUR WORLD WITH
THEIR FIRST EVER GRAMMY
PERFORMANCE. THIS IS HAIM.
♪ ♪ ♪
♪ SO. BABY
WHEN I'M NEAR YOU
♪ YOU CAN'T FEEL ME
I'M LIGHTNIN'
♪ YOU USED TO COME BY
AND SIT DOWN BY MY SIDE
♪ YOU WOULD COME IN CLOSE
AND TAKE OFF ALL MY CLOTHES
♪ EVERY TIME I THINK THAT I'VE
BEEN TAKIN' THE STEPS
♪ YOU END UP MAD AT ME FOR
MAKIN' A MESS
♪ I CAN'T UNDERSTAND WHY
YOU DON'T UNDERSTAND ME. BABY
♪ AND EVERY DAY I WAKE UP AND
I MAKE MONEY FOR MYSELF
♪ AND THOUGH WE SHARE A BED
YOU KNOW THAT I DON'T
♪ NEED YOUR HELP
DO YOU UNDERSTAND?
♪ YOU DON'T UNDERSTAND ME
BABY
♪ ♪ ♪
♪ IF I GO RIGHT
AND YOU GO LEFT
♪ HEY. I KNOW WE'LL MEET UP
AGAIN
♪ ♪ ♪
♪ AND IF YOU GO LEFT
AND I GO RIGHT
♪ HEY. MAYBE THAT'S JUST LIFE
SOMETIMES
♪ ♪ ♪
♪ EVERY TIME I THINK THAT I'VE
BEEN TAKIN' THE STEPS
♪ YOU END UP MAD AT ME FOR
MAKIN' A MESS
♪ I CAN'T UNDERSTAND WHY
YOU DON'T UNDERSTAND ME. BABY
♪ AND EVERY DAY I WAKE UP AND
MAKE MONEY FOR MYSELF
♪ AND THOUGH WE SHARE A BED
YOU KNOW THAT I DON'T
♪ NEED YOUR HELP
DO YOU UNDERSTAND?
♪ YOU DON'T UNDERSTAND ME
BABY ♪
♪ ♪ ♪
THAT'S RIGHT. PEOPLE. KEEP IT
GOING. HAIM. LADY AS AND
GENTLEMEN. OUR GRAMMY NIGHT IS
OFFICIALLY OFF AND RUNNING.
UP NEXT OUR FIRST AWARD. AND
IT'S A BIG ONE. BEST NEW ARTIST.
PLUS BLACK PUMAS. DUA LIPA AND
BADIBUNNY WILL BE ON THESE STAGE
RIGHT HERE. SO DON'T GO
ANYWHERE.
THIS IS CBS.
♪ ♪ ♪
THE 63rd GRAMMY
AWARDS IS SPONSORED BY LINCOLN
FAMILY OF LUXURY S.U.V.s.
♪ ♪ ♪
WELCOME BACK TO THE
GRAMMYS.
SO. LET'S GET STRAIGHT TO THE
AWARDS.
THE FIRST AWARD TONIGHT IS BEST
NEW ARTIST.
IT'S AN AWARD THAT'S BEEN WON BY
THE BEATLES. MARIAH CAREY.
CHRISTINA AGUILERA. AND JOHN
LEGEND.
AND IT'S BEEN LOST BY KENDRICK
LAMAR. DRAKE. TAYLOR SWIFT. BOYZ
II MEN. AND ELTON JOHN.
SO. EVEN IF YOU LOSE IT. YOU'LL
BE ALL RIGHT.
HERE TO PRESENT THE AWARD IS AN
ARTIST WHO ALWAYS MAKES ME FEE“"
GOOD AS HELL.”
PLEASE WELCOME THREE-TIME GRAMMY
WINNER. LIZZO!
♪ ♪ ♪
THANK YOU. TREVOR.
I LOVE YOU.
CUTIE.
I'M PRESENTING CUZ I LOVE
YOU.
AND THE THREE SHINY GRAMMYS I
GOT LAST YEAR. WOO!
I'M BACK.
BITCH I'M BACK. OH. I'M SO
SORRY.
I'M HAPPY TO PRESENT THE FIRST
AWARD OF THE NIGHT THAT PUTS
THAT BIG BEAUTIFUL GRAMMY
SPOTLIGHT ON EIGHT NEW MUSICAL
HEROES WHO ALL HAVE THAT BEST
NEW ARTIST VIBE. MEGAN. STOP
LAUGHING AT ME. EACH IN THEIR
OWN WAY.
THESE ARE THE AMAZING NOMINEES.
♪ ♪ ♪
INGRID ANDRESS.
PHOEBE BRIDGERS.
CHIKA.
NOAH CYRUS.
D SMOKE.
DOJA CAT.
KAYTRARNADA.
MEGAN THEE STALLION.
♪ ♪ ♪
Y'ALL READY?
NERVOUS. Y'ALL.
WAIT. HOW DO YOU OPEN IT. OH MY
GOD.
WAIT. HOW DO YOU DO IT. OKAY. I
GOT T I GOT T I GOT IT. MEGAN
THEE STALLION.
WHOOO.
♪ ♪ ♪
I DON'T WANT TO CRY.
BUT FIRST OF ALL I WANT TO SAY
EVERYBODY IS AMAZING.
EVERY ARTIST THAT WAS NOMINATED
FOR THIS AWARD IS SO AMAZING.
SO SHOUT OUT TO ALL Y'ALL.
SECONDLY. I REALLY JUST WANT TO
THANK GOD BECAUSE THANK YOU FOR
PUTTING LIFE INTO MY BODY FOR ME
TO BE ABLE TO EVEN BE HERE
TODAY.
I WANT TO SAY THANK YOU
FOR-- ALWAYS BEING WITH ME.
BEING BY MY SIDE.
THANK YOU FOR ALWAYS BEING WITH
ME. BEING BY MY SIDE. I WANT TO
SAY THANK YOU TO EVERYBODY AT
300 FOR BELIEVING IN ME.
STICKING BY ME THROUGH MY
CRAZINESS AND YOU KNOW. IT'S
BEEN A HELL OF A YEAR BUT WE
MADE IT.
THANK YOU EVERYBODY AT ROCK
NATION AND I REALLY WANT TO SAY
THANK YOU TO MY MAMA. SHE'S NOT
HERE WITH ME TODAY BUT I KNOW
SHE IS HERE WITH ME IN SPIRIT
AND SHE ALWAYS BELIEVE I COULD
DO IT. SO THANK YOU ALL SO MUCH.
THAT'S YOUR GRAMMY!
CONGRATULATIONS.
MEGAN THEE STALLION!
WOW!
TODAY. THE SINGLE RECORD HAS
NEVER BEEN MORE IMPORTANT.
SEE. IN THE NEW WORLD OF
STREAMING. IF AN ARTIST CAN
CREATE THAT PERFECT SINGLE.
THEIR SONG WILL
BE STREAMED BILLIONS AND
BILLIONS OF TIMES. MAKING THEM
ANYWHERE FROM $2-$3.
OUR RECORD OF THE YEAR NOMINEES
ARE AN ECLECTIC. DIVERSE AND
IMPRESSIVE GROUP.
AND WE ASKED THE REMARKABLE 23-
YEAR-OLD DIRECTOR GIBSON HAZARD
TO MAKE SOME FILMS ABOUT THESE
CONTENDERS FOR THE RECORD OF THE
YEAR.
SO. FIRST UP. HERE'S A REVEALING
LOOK AT THE TRUE "COLORS" OF
A STRONG MUSICAL PARTNERSHIP
THAT FLOWERED IN AUSTIN. TEXAS.
AFTER A LITTLE STREET PERFORMING
ON THE SANTA MONICA PIER.
THIS IS BLACK PUMAS.
♪ ♪ ♪
OUR MUSIC IS VERY REFLECTIVE
OF THE SINCERITY OF OUR OWN
SOULS. WE CALL IT SOUL MUSIC AND
OBVIOUSLY IT IS NOT SOUL MUSIC
BUT THE MOST IMPORTANT THING IS
IT COMES FROM OUR SOUL. MY SOUL
AND HIS SOUL.
GETTING THE NOMINATION FOR
"COLORS" IS SPECIAL. WE KNOW HOW
PEOPLE HAVE BEEN REACTING TO
THAT SONG. WE HAVE SEEN IT LIVE.
WE HAVE EVEN SEEN IT U NIGHT
CROWDS. WE KNOW IT WAS SPECIAL.
I MOVED TO CALIFORNIA FROM
NEW MEXICO IN 20134.
I WOULD TAKE LIKE TWO TRAINS
THEN TWO BUSES TO THE SANTA
MONICA PIER JUST TO BUSK.
STREET PERFORMING FOR ME. IT IS
KIND OF A LOVE HATE
RELATIONSHIP. SUCH AS BEAUTIFUL
YET BRUTAL EXPERIENCE.
I WOULD BE PERFORMING IN THE
STREET BUT IN MY MIND I'M
PERFORMING ON THE STAGE OF THE
GRAMMYS.
KSH WITHIN MYSELF AS A KID I
REMEMBER IMAGINING WHAT IT WOULD
BE LIKE TOKING ON SUCH A GRAND
STAGE.
WHEN I THINK ABOUT IT. I GET
EMOTIONAL BECAUSE I'VE
EXPERIENCED A LOT. MAN.
SO IT FEELS GOOD TO BE HERE.
♪ ♪ ♪
♪ I WOKE UP TO THE MORNING
SKY FIRST
♪ BABY BLUE
JUST LIKE WE REHEARSED
♪ WHEN I GET UP OFF THIS GROUND
I SHAKE LEAVES BACK DOWN
♪ TO THE BROWN. BROWN
BROWN. BROWN
♪ 'TIL I'M CLEAN
THEN I WALK WHERE I'D BE
♪ SHADED BY THE TREES
BY A MEADOW OF GREEN
♪ FOR ABOUT A MILE
I'M HEADED TO TOWN. TOWN. TOWN
♪ IN STYLE
WITH ALL MY FAVORITE COLORS
♪ YES. SIR
ALL MY FAVORITE COLORS
♪ RIGHT ON
MY SISTERS AND MY BROTHERS
♪ SEE 'EM LIKE NO OTHER
ALL MY FAVORITE COLORS
♪ IT'S A GOOD DAY TO BE
A GOOD DAY FOR ME
♪ A GOOD DAY TO SEE
MY FAVORITE
♪ COLORS. COLORS
MY SISTERS AND MY BROTHERS
♪ THEY SEE 'EM LIKE NO OTHER
ALL MY FAVORITE COLORS
♪ ♪ ♪
♪ I'M ON THE OTHER SIDE
OOH-OOH. OOH-OOH. OOH-OOH-OHH
♪ WHERE THE BABY BLUE BIRDS FLY
♪ IN GRAY CLOUDS
OR WHITE WALLS
♪ OR BLUE SKIES
BLUE SKIES
♪ WE GON' FLY
FEEL ALRIGHT
♪ BLACK PUMAS HELP ME FEEL
ALRIGHT ONE MORE TIME
♪ WITH ALL MY FAVORITE COLORS
YES. SIR
♪ ALL MY FAVORITE COLORS
RIGHT ON
♪ MY SISTERS AND MY BROTHERS
SEE 'EM LIKE NO OTHER
♪ ALL MY FAVORITE COLORS
IT'S A GOOD DAY TO BE
♪ A GOOD DAY FOR ME
A GOOD DAY TO SEE MY FAVORITE
♪ COLORS. COLORS
MY SISTERS AND MY BROTHERS
♪ SEE 'EM LIKE NO OTHER
ALL MY FAVORITE COLORS ♪
THAT'S RIGHT. PEOPLE. KEEP
KEEP IT GOING. KEEP IT GOING.
PEOPLEK BLACK PUMAS.
EVER HEARD A BAND FOR THE FIRST
TIME BUT FEEL LIKE IT IS YOUR
FAVORITE FOR THE YOUR WHOLE
LIFE. THAT IS WHAT WE FELT. YOUR
STORY IS INSANE. HOW MANY YEARS
AGO YOU WERE BUSKK ON THE PIER.
ABOUT SIX YEARS.
SIX YEARS HOPING PEOPLE WOULD
LISTEN TO YOU PERFORM. FOR SMALL
GROUPS OF PEOPLE AND NOW ARE YOU
AT THE GRAMMYS.
THANK YOU.
STILL PERFORMING FOR A SMALL
GROUP OF PEOPLE BUT THAT'S NOT
THE POINT.
WELL. YOU KNOW. TREVOR. ONCE
YOU ARE A KING YOU ARE ALWAYS A
KING.
I FEEL YOU THERE. GOOD LUCK
FOR TONIGHT.
THANK YOU.
RIGHT NOW WE WILL TAKE A
QUICK BREAK SO CAN I CHECK
TWITTER TO SEE ALL THE NICE
THINGS PEOPLE ARE SAYING ABOUT
ME. BUT DON'T GO AWAY. AFTER THE
BREAK WE HAVE BACK TO BACK
PERFORMANCES FROM NOMINEES
DABABY. BAD BUNNY AND DUA LIPA.
PLUS DID I MENTION WE HAVE
TAYLOR SWIFT. THIS IS THE GRAMMY
AWARDS.
WE'LL BE RIGHT BACK.
♪ ♪ ♪
WELCOME BACK TO THE GRAMMY
AWARD. THE ONLY AWARD YOU CAN
PLAY TINY RECORDS ON.
THROUGHOUT THE NIGHT WE ARE
PUTTING THE SPOT LIGHT ON THIS
YEAR'S NOMINEES FOR RECORD OF
THE YEAR.
AND YOU CAN SEE LONGER
VERSIONSES OF OUR FILMS AND
INTERVIEWS ON PARAMOUNT PLUS
RIGHT AFTER THE SHOW.
OUR NEXT NOMINEE IS SOMEONE WHO
HAS GROWN INTO A MAJOR HIP-HOP
SENSATION WITH ONE OF THE
BIGGEST RECORDS OF THE YEAR.
THIS IS DABABY.
WHAT'S GOING ON WITH DABABY.
SIX TIME GRAMMY NOMINATED
INTERNATIONAL MEGASTAR."
ROCKSTAR KTION FORM PERFORMER
WITH A PRETTY SMILE.
ALLOW ME TO BREAK THROUGH.
YOU WANT ME TO WATCH MY
LANGUAGE?
DO WHAT YOU LIKE.
I DON'T GIVE A I COME
FROM NOTHING. YOU AND YOUR
BROTHER CAN'T EVEN GET A FRESH
HAIRCUT. Y'ALL AIN'T DOING TOO
GOOD. YOU COMING FROM WHAT I
COME FROM. THAT AIN'T SOMETHING.
I USE IT AS AN EXCUSE. THAT IS
MORE LIKE MOTIVATION THAN
NIBBLES. THEY GOING UP AGAINST
THE ODDS. THAT IS WHAT MAKES IT
BEAUTIFUL AT THE END OF THE DAY.
MY GREATEST CREATION. MY
BEAUTIFUL DAUGHTER. BEING A
FATHER IS THE BEST THING THAT
EVER HAPPENED TO ME. IT GAVE ME
PURPOSE.
THAT IS THE REASON WHY I'M HERE.
IT GAVE ME THAT EXTRA
MOTIVATION. LIKE NOW I GOT TO GO
NOW. AN THAT'S WHAT I DID.
ROCKSTAR. THE SECOND I MADE IT I
KNEW IT WAS A HIT. IT LIVED UP
TO EXACTLY WHAT I THOUGHT IT WAS
GOING TO BE. GO TO NUMBER ONE.
REMAIN AT NUMBER ONE.
ONE OF THE MOST IMPACTFUL.
LONGEST LASTING SONGS OF 2020.
GETTING GRAMMY NOMINATED FOR
RECORD OF THE YEAR IS AMAZING.
NOW ALL WE GOT TO DO IS BRING
ONE HOME.
♪ ♪ ♪
♪ WOO
♪ I PULL UP. LIKE
I PULL UP
HOW YOU PULL UP BABY
♪ PULL UP
GO AHEAD AND SHOW THE GRAMMYS
♪ HOW YOU PULL UP
I PULL UP
♪ GET DOWN
♪ HOW YOU PULL UP
I PULL UP
BRAND NEW LAMBORGHINI
♪ NOT A COP CAR
WITH THE PISTOL ON MY HIP
♪ LIKE I'M A COP YEAH
HAVE YOU EVER MET A REAL HITTER
ROCKSTAR?
♪ THIS AIN'T NO GUITAR
THIS A GLOCK WOO
♪ MY GLOCK TOLD ME TO PROMISE
YOU GON' SQUEEZE ME OH
♪ YOU BETTER LET ME GO
THE DAY YOU NEED ME OOH
♪ GET TO BUSTIN' OOH
AND IF I AIN'T ENOUGH
♪ GO GET THE CHOP
IT'S SAFE TO SAY I EARNED IT
♪ AIN'T NOBODY GAVE ME NOTHIN'
YEAH. YEAH. YEAH
♪ I'M READY TO HOP OUT ON
SOMEBODY
♪ GET TO BUSTIN'
KNOW YOU HEARD ME SAY
♪ "YOU PLAY. YOU LAY"
DON'T MAKE ME PUSH THE BUTTON
♪ FULL OF PAIN
DROPPED ENOUGH TEARS
♪ TO FILL UP A BUCKET
GOIN' FOR BUCKETS
♪ I BOUGHT A CHOPPER
I GOT A BIG DRUM. IT HOLD A 100
♪ AIN'T GOIN' FOR NOTHIN'
YEAH
♪ I'M READY TO AIR IT OUT
ON ALL THESE HITTERS
♪ I CAN SEE ¡EM RUNNIN'
JUST TALKED TO MY MAMA
♪ SHE HIT ME ON FACETIME
JUST TO CHECK UP ON ME
♪ AND MY BROTHER
I'M REALLY THE BABY
YEAH ♪ SHE KNOW THAT HER YOUNGEST SON
WAS ALWAYS GUARANTEED
♪ TO GET THE MONEY
OKAY. LET'S GO
♪ SHE KNOW THAT HER BABY BOY
WAS ALWAYS GUARANTEED
♪ TO GET THE LOOT
SHE KNOW WHAT I DO
♪ SHE KNOW 'FORE I RUN FROM A
HITTER ♪ I'MA PULL IT OUT AND SHOOT
BOOM PTSD. I'M ALWAYS WAKING UP
YEAH ♪ IN COLD SWEATS LIKE I GOT THE
FLU ♪ MY DAUGHTER A G
SHE SAW ME KILL A HITTER
♪ IN FRONT OF HER
BEFORE THE AGE OF TWO
♪ AND I'LL KILL ANOTHER HITTER
TOO ♪ OH
'FORE I LET ¡EM DO
♪ SOMETHIN' TO YOU
THAT'S SOMETHING THEY
♪ MAY NOT KNOW
THEY JUST GONNA HAVE TO
♪ UNDERSTAND THAT FOR BETTER OR
WORSE ♪ LET'S GO
BRAND NEW LAMBORGHINI
♪ NOT A COP CAR
WITH THE PISTOL ON MY HIP
♪ LIKE I'M A COP
YEAH. YEAH. YEAH
♪ HAVE YOU EVER MET A REAL
HITTER ROCKSTAR?
♪ THIS AIN'T NO GUITAR
THIS A GLOCK WOO
♪ MY GLOCK TOLD ME TO PROMISE
YOU GON' SQUEEZE ME WOO
♪ YOU BETTER LET ME GO
THE DAY YOU NEED ME WOO
♪ SOON AS YOU UP ME ON THAT
GET TO BUSTIN' OOH
♪ AND IF I AIN'T ENOUGH
GO GET THE CHOP
♪ KEEP A GLOCKY
WHEN I RIDE IN THE SUBURBAN
♪ ¡CAUSE THE CODEINE
♪ HAD A YOUNG HITTER SWERVIN'
I GOT THE MOP
♪ WATCH ME WASH ¡EM LIKE
DETERGENT ♪ AND I'M BALLIN'
THAT'S WHY IT'S DIAMONDS
♪ ON MY
SLIDE ON OPPS' SIDE
OH
♪ AND FLIP THE BLOCK BACK.
YEAH. YEAH MY JUNIOR
♪ POPPED HIM
OH
♪ AND LEFT HIM LOPSIDED. YEAH
WE SPIN HIS BLOCK
♪ GOT THE REBOUND. DENNIS
YOU FOOL ME ONE TIME
♪ YOU CAN'T CROSS ME AGAIN
1.200 HORSEPOWER
OH ♪ I GET LOST IN THE WIND
IF HE TALKIN' ON THE YARD
♪ THE PEN' DOGS'LL TAKE HIS CHIN
MAYBACH SUV FOR MY REFUGEES
♪ GOT MONEY IN THE HOOD
PUT MONEY IN THE STREETS
♪ I WAS SOLO WHEN THE OPPS
CAUGHT ME AT THE GAS STATION
♪ HAD IT ON ME. 30 THOUSAND
THOUGHT IT WAS MY LAST DAY
♪ BUT THEY AIN'T EVEN WANT NO
SMOKE ♪ IF I HAD TO CHOOSE IT
MURDER WHAT SHE WROTE
♪ SUPERHERO IN THAT LAMBORGHINI
LIKE I'M BATMAN
♪ SOMETHING THEY AIN'T USED TO
SEEING ♪ FROM EVERY BLACK MAN
TRY TO BRING ME DOWN
♪ EAT UP THE ALLEGATIONS LIKE
PAC-MAN
♪ YOU SHOULD SEE ME NOW
DON'T KNOW WHICH WHIP TO DRIVE
♪ WHEN I LEAVE THE HOUSE
MY SKIN DON'T LOOK THE SAME
♪ SO I GET SINGLED OUT
RIGHT NOW I'M PERFORMING
♪ AT THE GRAMMYS
I'LL PROBABLY GET PROFILED
♪ BEFORE LEAVIN OUT
DON'T BE IN DENIAL LIKE
♪ WE ALL EVEN NOW
CUZ IF YOU'RE IN THE PROJECTS OR
♪ A MANSION
YOU'RE STILL A BLACK MAN
♪ WHEN YOU LEAVE THE HOUSE
AND THEM FACTS
♪ BRAND NEW LAMBORGHINI
NOT A COP CAR
♪ WITH THE PISTOL ON MY HIP
LIKE I'M A COP
♪ YEAH. YEAH. YEAH
HAVE YOU EVER MET A REAL HITTER
♪ ROCKSTAR?
THIS AIN'T NO GUITAR
♪ THIS A GLOCK WOO
MY GLOCK TOLD ME TO PROMISE
♪ YOU GON' SQUEEZE ME WOO
YOU BETTER LET ME GO
♪ THE DAY YOU NEED ME WOO
SOON AS YOU UP ME ON THAT HITTER
♪ GET TO BUSTIN' WOO
AND IF I AIN'T ENOUGH
♪ GO GET THE CHOP
WOO ♪ YOU KNOW THEY SAY
EVERYTHING WE BEEN THROUGH
♪ MAN. IT JUST MADE US ROCKSTARS
YOU KNOW THEY SAY
♪ WE FIT THE DESCRIPTION
♪ ♪ ♪
THANK YOU.
DABABY. GIVE IT UP FOR
DABABY. EVERYBODY. AND I GUESS
DABABY BOOMERS WITH RODDY RICCH.
AND NOW LADIES AND GENTLEMEN. A
TRULY GLOBAL SUPERSTAR AND MOST
STREAMED ARTIST MUCH 2020 JOINED
BY JHAY CORTEZ THIS IS BAD BUNNY
.
♪ ♪ ♪
♪ BABY YA YO ME ENTERE
SE NOTA CUANDO ME VES
♪ AHI DONDE NO HAS LLEGAO'
SABES QUE YO TE LLEVARE
♪ Y DIME QUE QUIERES BEBER
ES QUE TU ERES MI BEBE
♪ Y DE NOSOTROS QUIEN VA A
HABLAR
♪ SI NO NOS DEJAMOS VER
Y A VECES ES DOLCE
♪ A VECES BULGARI
CUANDO TE LO QUITO
♪ DESPUES DE LO' PARTIES
LAS COPAS DE VINO
♪ LAS LIBRAS DE MARI
TU TAS' BIEN SUELTA
♪ Y YO DE SAFARI
TU MUEVES EL FENOMENAL
♪ PA' YO DEVORARTE COMO ANIMAL
HOY NINGUNO SE MUERE
EN MI CAMA Y LO VOY A CELEBRAR
♪ BABY YO A E NO ME OPONGO
Y SIEMPRE TE LO PONGO
♪ Y SI TU ME ERA
VAMOS A NADAR EN LO HONDO
Y SIEMPRE TE LO PONGO
♪ ♪ ♪
♪ YA YO ME ENTERE
SE NOTA CUANDO ME VE
♪ AHI DONDE NO HAS LLEGAO'
SABES QUE YO TE LLEVARE
♪ DIME QUE QUIERES BEBER
ES QUE TU ERES MI BEBE
♪ Y DE NOSTROS QUIEN VA A
HABLAR ♪ SI NO NOS DEJAMOS VER
♪ ♪ ♪
♪ CONEGO SIEMPRE ARREBATAO'
TU NO ERES MI SENORA
-♪ TOMA 5
-K GASTALO EN SEPHORA
LOUIS VUIRON YA NO COMPRA
♪ EN PANDORA
COMO PIERCING A
♪ LOS HOMBRES PERFORA
EH
♪ HACE EEMPO LE ROMPIERON EL
CORA CORA
♪ ESTUDIOSA PUESTA PA' SER
DOCTORA DOCTORA
♪ PERO PERO
LE GUSTAN LOS UTERE WILEANDO
♪ MOTORA MOTORA
♪ ♪ ♪
♪ BABY A E NO ME OPONGO
Y SIEMPRE TE LO PONGO
♪ TE LO PONGO
Y SI TU ME ERA VAMOS A
♪ NADAR EN LO HONDO
♪ Y SI ES POR MI YO TE LO PONGO
DE SEPEEMBRE HASTA AGOSTO
♪ A MI SIN LOS QUE DIGAN TUS
AMIGAS ♪ YA YO ME ENTERE
SE NOTA CUANDO ME VE
♪ AHI DONDE NO HAS LLEGAO'
SABES QUE YO TE LLEVARE
♪ Y DIME QUE QUIERES BEBER
ES QUE TU ERES MI BEBE
♪ Y DE NOSTROS QUIEN VA A
HABLAR ♪ SI NO NOS DEJAMOS VER
♪ ♪ ♪
BAD BUNNY. EVERYONE. WOW.
THAT FELT EXACTLY LIKE I WAS
BACK IN THE CLUB. EXCEPT I'M NOT
GETTING KICKED OUT THIS TIME.
NOW IT'S TIME FOR ANOTHER RECORD
OF THE YEAR PERFORMER.
IN 2019 SHE WON TWO GRAMMY
AWARDS INCLUDING BEST NEW
ARTIST.
THIS YEAR THIS INTERNATIONAL
SENSATION HAS EARNED SIX MORE
NOMINATIONS SO LET'S TAKE A
CLOSER LOOK AT DUA LIPA.
IT WAS REALLY KIND OF AN
AMALGAMATION OF MEMORIES THAT
HAVE I HAD SINCE I WAS A KID.
GROWING UP. WHEN I SEE ARTISTS
ON TV. THEY WOULD ALWAYS BE
SOMETHING THAT I THOUGHT WAS AS
FAR FETCHED AS A-- TO BE HONEST.
DOING MUSIC. ONLY A PIPEDREAM.
♪ ♪ ♪
I WAS BORN AND RAISED IN
LONDON.
MY FAMILY AND I MOVED. HONORING
MY ROOTS HAS ALWAYS BEEN
SOMETHING VERY IMPORTANT TO ME.
LIKE BEING TWO PLACES AT ONCE.
FEELING EQUALLY A PART OF BOTH
WORLDS.
WHEN I PERFORM LIVE I FEEL
INVINCIBLE.
WHATEVER IS GOING THROUGH MY
MIND. I WELCOME ALL OF THOSE
CRAZY EMOTIONS.
I LOVE BEING SO PRESENT IN THOSE
MOMENTS.
THE GRAMMYS HAS ALWAYS BEEN SUCH
A MASSIVE DREAM OF MINE. THIS IS
INSANE THAT SO MANY PEOPLE THAT
I LOOKED UP TO MY WHOLE LIFE.
THAT HAVE BEEN ON.
IT IS MIND BLOWING.
♪ I GOT YOU
MOONLIGHT
♪ YOU'RE MY
STARLIGHT
♪ I NEED YOU
ALL NIGHT
♪ COME ON. DANCE WITH ME
COME ON. DANCE WITH ME
I'M LEVITATING
♪ IF YOU WANNA
RUN AWAY WITH ME
♪ I KNOW A GALAXY
AND I CAN TAKE YOU FOR A RIDE
♪ I HAD A PREMONITION THAT WE
FELL INTO A RHYTHM
♪ WHERE THE MUSIC DON'T
STOP FOR LIFE
♪ GLITTER IN THE SKY
GLITTER IN MY EYES
♪ SHINING JUST THE WAY I LIKE
IF YOU FEELIN' LIKE
♪ YOU NEED A LITTLE BIT OF
COMPANY ♪ YOU MET ME AT THE
PERFECT TIME
♪ YOU WANT ME
I WANT YOU. BABY
♪ MY SUGARBOO
I'M LEVITATING
♪ THE MILKY WAY
WE'RE RENEGADING
YEAH. YEAH. YEAH. YEAH. YEAH
♪ I GOT YOU
MOONLIGHT
♪ YOU'RE MY
STARLIGHT
♪ I NEED YOU
ALL NIGHT
♪ COME ON. DANCE WITH ME
I'M LEVITATING
♪ YOU
MOONLIGHT
♪ YOU'RE MY
STARLIGHT
♪ I NEED YOU
ALL NIGHT
♪ COME ON. DANCE WITH ME
I'M LEVITATING
♪ ♪ ♪
♪ I'M ONE OF THE GREATEST
AIN'T NO DEBATIN' ON IT
♪ I'M STILL LEVITATED
I'M HEAVILY MEDICATED
♪ IRONIC. I GAVE 'EM LOVE
AND THEY END UP HATIN' ON ME
♪ SHE TOLD ME SHE LOVE ME
AND SHE BEEN WAITIN'
♪ BEEN FIGHTIN' HARD FOR YOUR
LOVE
♪ AND I'M RUNNIN' THIN ON MY
PATIENCE
♪ NEEDED SOMEONE TO HUG
EVEN TOOK IT BACK TO THE BASICS
♪ YOU SEE WHAT YOU GOT ME OUT
HERE DOIN'
♪ MIGHT'VE THREW ME OFF
BUT CAN'T NOBODY STOP THE
♪ MOVEMENT
UH UH. LET'S GO
♪ LEFT FOOT. RIGHT FOOT
LEVITATIN'
♪ POP STARS
DUA LIPA WITH DaBABY
♪ I HAD TO LACE MY SHOES
FOR ALL THE BLESSINGS I WAS
♪ CHASIN'
IF I EVER SLIP
♪ I'LL FALL INTO A BETTER
SITUATION
♪ SO CATCH UP
GO PUT SOME CHEESE ON IT
♪ GET OUT AND GET YOUR BREAD UP
THEY ALWAYS LEAVE WHEN YOU FALL
♪ BUT YOU RUN TOGETHER
WEIGHT OF THE WORLD ON MY
♪ SHOULDERS
I KEPT MY HEAD UP
♪ NOW BABY. STAND UP
'CAUSE GIRL. YOU
♪ YOU WANT ME
I WANT YOU. BABY
♪ MY SUGARBOO
I'M LEVITATING
♪ THE MILKY WAY
WE'RE RENEGADING
YEAH. YEAH. YEAH. YEAH. YEAH
♪ I GOT YOU
MOONLIGHT ♪ YOU'RE MY
STARLIGHT ♪ I NEED YOU
ALL NIGHT
♪ COME ON. DANCE WITH ME
I'M LEVITATING
♪ YOU
MOONLIGHT ♪ YOU'RE MY
STARLIGHT ♪ I NEED YOU
ALL NIGHT
♪ COME ON. DANCE WITH ME
I'M LEVITATING
♪ YOU CAN FLY AWAY WITH ME
TONIGHT ♪ YOU CAN FLY AWAY WITH ME
TONIGHT ♪ BABY. LET ME TAKE YOU FOR A
RIDE ♪ YEAH. YEAH. YEAH. YEAH. YEAH
I'M LEVITATING. WOO
♪ YOU CAN FLY AWAY WITH ME
TONIGHT ♪ YOU CAN FLY AWAY WITH ME
TONIGHT ♪ BABY. LET ME TAKE YOU FOR A
RIDE YEAH. YEAH. YEAH. YEAH. YEAH
♪ I GOT YOU
MOONLIGHT
♪ YOU'RE MY
STARLIGHT
♪ I NEED YOU
ALL NIGHT
♪ COME ON. DANCE WITH ME
I'M LEVITATING ♪
♪ ♪ ♪
♪ IF YOU DON'T WANNA SEE ME
DANCING WITH SOMEBODY
♪ IF YOU WANNA BELIEVE THAT
ANYTHING COULD STOP ME
♪ DON'T SHOW UP
DON'T COME OUT
♪ DON'T START CARING
ABOUT ME NOW
♪ WALK AWAY
YOU KNOW HOW
♪ DON'T START CARING
ABOUT ME NOW
♪ ♪ ♪
♪ DON'T START NOW
I'M NOT WHERE YOU LEFT ME
AT ALL. SO
♪ IF YOU DON'T WANNA SEE ME
DANCING WITH SOMEBODY
♪ IF YOU WANNA BELIEVE THAT
ANYTHING COULD STOP ME
♪ DON'T SHOW UP
DON'T SHOW UP
♪ DON'T COME OUT
DON'T COME OUT
♪ DON'T START CARING
ABOUT ME NOW
♪ 'BOUT ME NOW
WALK AWAY
♪ WALK AWAY
YOU KNOW HOW
♪ YOU KNOW HOW
DON'T START CARING ABOUT ME NOW
♪ ♪ ♪
GRAMMYS!
WALK AWAY. WALK AWAY. OH ♪
♪ ♪ ♪
♪ WALK AWAY. WALK AWAY
WALK AWAY. WALK AWAY
♪ WALK AWAY. WALK AWAY ♪
UP NEXT BRUNO MARS. AND
ANKERSON APPROXIMATE AK. TAYLOR
SWIFT AND REMEMBERING LITTLE
RICHARD. JOHN PRINE AN KENNY
ROGERS IN AN ALL-STAR TRIBUTE.
NOW LET'S CHECK THIS BACKSTAGE
WITH CASSIE DI LAURA.
WE ARE HERE WITH MEMBERS OF
FACEBOOK GROUP. A PLACE WHERE
PEOPLE CAN CONNECT WITH OTHERS
WITH THE SAME PASSION. SO THEY
CAN SHARE INSURANCE OPERATION.
ADVICE. INFORMATION AND REALLY
HAVE THEIR VOICES HEARD. THERE
ARE MANY GRAMMY WINNING ARTUS
WAS GOT THEIR START THROUGH
SOCIAL MEDIA SO IT WILL BE
INTERESTING TO SEE IF ANY OF
THESE GROUP MEMBERS HERE WILL
SOME DAY HAVE A CHANCE TO
PERFORM LIVE ON THIS STAGE.
STAY WITH US.
THE 63rd GRAMMY
AWARDS IS SPONSORED BY REMY
TEAM UP FOR EXCELLENCE.
♪ ♪ ♪
WELCOME BACK TO THE
GRAMMYS. EVERYBODY.
THIS IS EXCITING.
BECAUSE FOR THE FIRST TIME
ANYWHERE. THIS IS BRUNO MARS AND
-ANDERSON .
-PAAK TOGETHER AS SILK
SONIC.
♪ ♪ ♪
♪ OOH
♪ SAID BABY. SAID BABY. SAID
BABY
♪ WHAT YOU DOIN'?
WHAT YOU DOIN'?
♪ WHERE YOU AT?
WHERE YOU AT?
♪ OH. YOU GOT PLANS?
YOU GOT PLANS
♪ DON'T SAY THAT
SHUT YOUR TRAP
♪ I'M SIPPIN' WINE
SIP. SIP
♪ IN A ROBE
DRIP. DRIP
♪ I LOOK TOO GOOD
LOOK TOO GOOD
♪ TO BE ALONE
WOO. WOO
♪ MY HOUSE CLEAN
HOUSE CLEAN
♪ MY POOL WARM
POOL WARM
♪ I JUST SHAVED
SMOOTH LIKE A NEWBORN
♪ WE SHOULD BE DANCIN'.
ROMANCIN'
♪ IN THE EAST WING AND THE WEST
WING ♪ OF THIS MANSION. WHAT'S
HAPPENIN'?
♪ I AIN'T PLAYIN' NO GAMES
EVERY WORD THAT I SAY
♪ IS COMING STRAIGHT FROM THE
HEART
♪ SO IF YOU TRYNA LAY IN THESE
ARMS
♪ I'MA LEAVE THE DOOR OPEN
I'MA LEAVE THE DOOR OPEN
♪ I'MA LEAVE THE DOOR OPEN. GIRL
I'MA LEAVE THE DOOR OPEN. HOPIN'
♪ THAT YOU FEEL THE WAY I FEEL
AND YOU WANT ME LIKE
♪ I WANT YOU TONIGHT. BABY
TELL ME THAT YOU'RE
♪ COMING
THROUGH
♪ OOH. YOU'RE SO SWEET
SO SWEET
♪ SO TIGHT
SO TIGHT
♪ I WON'T BITE
AH-AH
♪ UNLESS YOU LIKE
UNLESS YOU LIKE
♪ IF YOU SMOKE
WHAT YOU SMOKE
♪ I GOT THAT HAZE
PURPLE HAZE
♪ AND IF YOU'RE HUNGRY.
GIRL. I GOT FILETS WOO
♪ OOH. BABY. DON'T KEEP ME
WAITIN
♪ THERE'S SO MUCH LOVE
WE COULD BE MAKING
SHAMONE!
♪ I'M TALKING KISSING
CUDDLING
♪ ROSE PETALS IN THE BATHTUB
GIRL. LETS JUMP IN. IT'S BUBBLIN
♪ I AIN'T PLAYIN' NO GAMES
EVERY WORD THAT I SAY
♪ IS COMING STRAIGHT FROM THE
HEART
♪ SO IF YOU TRYNA LAY IN THESE
ARMS
♪ I'MA LEAVE THE DOOR OPEN
I'MA LEAVE THE DOOR OPEN
♪ I'MA LEAVE THE DOOR OPEN. GIRL
I'MA LEAVE THE DOOR OPEN. HOPIN'
♪ THAT YOU FEEL THE WAY I FEEL
AND YOU WANT ME LIKE
♪ I WANT YOU TONIGHT. BABY
TELL ME THAT YOU'RE
♪ COMING
THROUGH
♪ LA-LA-LA-LA-LA-LA-LA
I NEED YOU. BABY
I GOTTA SEE YOU. BABY
♪ LA-LA-LA-LA-LA-LA-LA
GIRL. I'M TRYNA GIVE YOU THIS.
♪ AH
HEY HEY
♪ I'MA LEAVE MY DOOR OPEN
I'MA LEAVE THE DOOR OPEN BABY
♪ I'MA LEAVE. I'MA LEAVE MY DOOR
OPEN. GIRL
♪ I'MA LEAVE THE DOOR OPEN
AND I'M HOPIN'
♪ HOPIN' HOPIN'
THAT YOU FEEL THE WAY I FEEL
♪ AND YOU WANT ME LIKE I WANT
YOU BABY
♪ TELL ME THAT YOU'RE COMING
THROUGH
♪ MMM
♪ ♪ ♪
I'M WAITING. WAITING. WAITING
♪ GIRL. I'M HERE JUST WAITING
FOR YOU
♪ COME ON OVER I'LL ADORE YOU
LA-LA-LA-LA
♪ I'M WAITING. WAITING. WAITING
FOR YOU
♪ YOU
COME ON OVER BABY
♪ I'MA LEAVE THE DOOR OPEN FOR
YOU ♪ WOO
OW ♪
BRUNO MARS AND
-ANDERSON .
-PAAK. EVERYBODY--
NOW KNOWN AS SILK SONIC!
AND AS WITH EVERY BRUNO SONG. I
CAN'T WAIT TO DANCE TO THAT AT
EVERY WEDDING FOR THE REST OF MY
LIFE.
TAYLOR SWIFT WILL BE PERFORMING
NEXT. BUT. FIRST. TIME TO GIVE
OUT A GRAMMY.
NOW. THIS PAST YEAR HAS BEEN
DIFFICULT FOR US ALL.
I MEAN. WE'VE HAD TO DO
EVERYTHING OVER ZOOM-- WEDDINGS.
WORK. COLONOSCOPIES.
BUT SOME OF THE BUSINESSES HIT
HARDEST BY THE PANDEMIC HAVE
BEEN THE INDEPENDENT MUSIC
VENUES ALL OVER AMERICA THAT
HAVEN'T HAD AUDIENCES IN THEIR
ICONIC BUILDINGS FOR A YEAR.
SO. TONIGHT. WE ARE GOING TO GO
TO A FEW OF THESE PRECIOUS
INDEPENDENT MUSIC VENUES AROUND
THIS COUNTRY AND GIVE THE PEOPLE
WHO HAVE CREATED SUCH LOVING
HOMES FOR MUSIC THE HONOR OF
PRESENTING SOME OF THIS YEAR'S
GRAMMY AWARDS.
LET'S GO FIRST TO NASHVILLE.
TENESSEE. TO THE STATION INN.
AND MEET J.T. GRAY.
I'M JT GRAY. I'M THE OWNER OF
THE STATION INN IN NASHVILLE.
TENNESSEE.
MUSIC. IT IS ONE BIG HAPPY
FAMILY. PLAYING HAPPY MUSIC AND
HAVING A HAPPY TIME. YOU NEVER
KNOW WHO IS GOING TO BE AT
STATION INN.
VINS GILL USED TO PLAY ON MONDAY
NIGHT. CHRIS STAPLETON USED TO
PLAY WITH THE STEEL DRIVERS.
THERE WAS A BAND PLAYED EVERY
TUESDAY NIGHT CALLED THE SIDEMEN
AND HE STARTED COMING DOWN AND
HANGING OUT. AND DIRKS WILL TELL
YOU TODAY THAT IS WHERE HE
LEARNED TO PLAY AND STING QUITE
HERE AT THE STATION INN.
WHEN COVID HIT WE HAD TO CLOSE
DOWN. WE HAD NO IDEA AT THAT
TIME WHAT WE WERE GOING TO DO.
BIGGER NAME VENUES CAN SUSTAIN
REVENUE LOSS A LOT MORE THAN A
PRIVATELY OWNED SMALL VENUE LIKE
THE STATION INN.
WE JUST HOPE THAT ALL THE OTHER
SMALL VENUES GET TO BE BACK IN
BUSINESS ALONG WITH US REAL SOON
BECAUSE MUSIC IS THERAPY FOR
PEOPLE.
GETTING TO REOPEN THE STATION
INN IS GOING TO BE A CELEBRATION
LIKE NEVER BEFORE.
THERE IS GOING TO BE A BIG
PARTY.
IN THE MEANTIME. I'M HONORED TO
BE PRESENTING THE GRAMMY AWARD
FOR BEST COUNTRY ALBUM.
HERE ARE THE NOMINATIONS.
♪ ♪ ♪
"LADY LIKE." INGRID ANDRESS.
"YOUR LIFE IS A RECORD." BRANDY
CLARK.
"WILDCARD." MIRANDA LAMBERT.
"NIGHTFALL." LITTLE BIG TOWN.
"NEVER WILL." ASHLEY McBRYDE.
♪ ♪ ♪
A GREAT GROUP OF
NOMINEES.
SO. LET'S GO BACK NOW TO J.T.
GRAY AT THE STATION INN TO TELL
US WHO THE WINNER IS.
"WILDCARD." MIRANDA LAMBERT.
♪ ♪ ♪
♪ KEEP THE LIGHT ON.
♪ KEEP A BLUE BIRD IN MY HEART.
♪.
THANK YOU ALL SO. SO MUCH.
THANK YOU FOR THE GRAMMYS FOR
PUTTING THIS TOGETHER AND
LETTING US AT LEAST KIND OF BE
TOGETHER AND SAY HI. BRANDY.
INGRID AND LITTLE BIGTOWN. WE
ARE SUCH A FAMILY IN COUNTRY
MUSIC SO I FEEL LIKE LIKE I'M
HOLDING IT FOR ALL OF US.
ESPECIALLY US GIRLS.
I'M VERY THANKFUL. I'M THANKFUL
FOR JAY WHO HAD THREE IN THIS
CATEGORY. ASHLEY AND MYSELF. WHO
MADE WILDCARD WHAT IT IS THIS
PAST SEASON. INSPIRED IT. THANKS
TO MY FAMILY. HUSBAND. MY
MANAGER. MY CREW. I MISSED HELL
OUT OF Y'ALL.
I CAN'T WAIT TO GET BACK OUT AS
A BAND.
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH.
THANK YOU.
CONGRATS. MIRANDA
LAMBERT!
NOW IT'S TIME FOR SOMEONE VERY
SPECIAL.
TAYLOR SWIFT'S MUSIC WAS LIKE
MEDICINE FOR MANY THIS PAST
YEAR. AND NOT JUST BECAUSE IT
CAME IN TWO DOSES.
THIS ARTIST HAS BEEN SO PROLIFIC
LATELY. SHE'S EVEN RECORDED A
COVER ALBUM OF HERSELF.
NOMINATED FOR SIX GRAMMY AWARDS
THIS YEAR. INCLUDING ALBUM AND
SONG OF THE YEAR. HERE TO SHARE
A LITTLE "FOLKLORE" JOINED BY
LADIES AND GENTLEMEN. TAYLOR
SWIFT!
♪ ♪ ♪
♪ VINTAGE TEE
BRAND NEW PHONE
♪ HIGH HEELS ON
COBBLESTONES
♪ WHEN YOU ARE YOUNG
THEY ASSUME YOU KNOW NOTHING
♪ SEQUIN SMILE
BLACK LIPSTICK
♪ SENSUAL POLITICS
WHEN YOU ARE YOUNG
♪ THEY ASSUME YOU KNOW NOTHING
'CAUSE I KNEW YOU
♪ STEPPIN' ON THE LAST TRAIN
MARKED ME LIKE A BLOODSTAIN. I
♪ I KNEW YOU
TRIED TO CHANGE THE ENDING
♪ PETER LOSING WENDY. I
I KNEW YOU
♪ LEAVING LIKE A FATHER
RUNNING LIKE WATER. I
♪ AND WHEN YOU ARE YOUNG
THEY ASSUME YOU KNOW NOTHING
♪ BUT I KNEW YOU'D LINGER LIKE A
TATTOO KISS
♪ I KNEW YOU'D HAUNT ALL OF MY
WHAT-IFS
♪ THE SMELL OF SMOKE
WOULD HANG AROUND THIS LONG
♪ 'CAUSE I KNEW EVERYTHING
WHEN I WAS YOUNG
♪ I KNEW I'D CURSE YOU
FOR THE LONGEST TIME
♪ CHASIN' SHADOWS
IN THE GROCERY LINE
♪ I KNEW YOU'D MISS ME
ONCE THE THRILL EXPIRED
♪ AND YOU'D BE STANDIN'
IN MY FRONT PORCH LIGHT
♪ AND I KNEW YOU'D COME BACK TO
ME
♪ YOU'D COME BACK TO ME
AND YOU'D COME BACK TO ME
♪ AND YOU'D COME BACK
AND WHEN I FELT LIKE I WAS AN
♪ OLD CARDIGAN
UNDER SOMEONE'S BED
♪ YOU PUT ME ON AND SAID
I WAS YOUR FAVORITE
♪ AND YOU'D COME BACK TO ME
♪ ♪ ♪
♪ SALT AIR
AND THE RUST ON YOUR DOOR
I NEVER NEEDED ANYTHING MORE
♪ WHISPERS
OF "ARE YOU SURE?"
♪ "NEVER HAVE I EVER BEFORE"
BUT I CAN SEE US
♪ LOST IN THE MEMORY
AUGUST SLIPPED AWAY
♪ INTO A MOMENT IN TIME¡
CAUSE IT WAS NEVER MINE
AND I CAN SEE US TWISTED
♪ IN BEDSHEETS
AUGUST SIPPED AWAY
♪ LIKE A BOTTLE OF WINE
'CAUSE YOU WERE NEVER MINE
♪ BACK WHEN WE WERE STILL
CHANGING
♪ FOR THE BETTER
WANTING WAS ENOUGH
♪ FOR ME. IT WAS ENOUGH
TO LIVE FOR THE HOPE OF IT ALL
♪ CANCEL PLANS JUST IN CASE
YOU'D CALL
♪ AND SAY. "MEET ME BEHIND THE
MALL"
♪ SO MUCH FOR SUMMER LOVE
AND SAYING "US"
♪ 'CAUSE YOU WEREN'T MINE TO
LOSE
♪ YOU WEREN'T MINE TO LOSE
♪ ♪ ♪
♪ LIFE WAS A WILLOW
AND IT BENT RIGHT TO YOUR WIND
♪ OH
THEY COUNT ME OUT
♪ TIME AND TIME AGAIN
LIFE WAS A WILLOW
♪ AND IT BENT RIGHT TO YOUR WIND
OH ♪ BUT I COME BACK STRONGER
THAN A '90'S TREND
♪ WAIT FOR THE SIGNAL
AND I'LL MEET YOU AFTER DARK
♪ SHOW ME THE PLACES
WHERE THE OTHERS
♪ GAVE YOU SCARS
-NOW THIS IS AN OPEN/
-SHUT CASE
♪ GUESS I SHOULD'VE KNOWN
FROM THE LOOK ON YOUR FACE
♪ EVERY BAIT AND SWITCH
WAS A WORK OF ART
♪ THE MORE THAT YOU SAY
THE LESS I KNOW
♪ WHEREVER YOU STRAY
I FOLLOW
♪ I'M BEGGING FOR YOU
TO TAKE MY HAND
♪ WRECK MY PLANS
THAT'S MY MAN
♪ YOU KNOW THAT MY TRAIN
COULD TAKE YOU HOME
♪ ANYWHERE ELSE IS HOLLOW
I'M BEGGING FOR YOU
♪ TO TAKE MY HAND
WRECK MY PLANS
♪ THAT'S MY MAN
THE MORE THAT YOU SAY
♪ THE LESS I KNOW
WHEREVER YOU STRAY
♪ I FOLLOW
I'M BEGGING FOR YOU
♪ TO TAKE MY HAND
WRECK MY PLANS
♪ THAT'S MY MAN ♪
♪ ♪ ♪
WE SEE WHO TAKES HOME BEST
POP SOLO PERFORMANCE. HARRY
STYLESK TAYLOR SWIFT. JUSTIN
BIEBER. DOJA CAT. BILLIE EILISH
OR DUA LIPA.
THIS IS CBS.
MUSICARES LEADS THE LARGEST
PANDEMIC RELIEF EFFORT FOR MUSIC
PEOPLE. AND HELPS THE HUMANS
BEHIND THE MUSIC BECAUSE MUSIC
GIVES SO MUCH TO THE WORLD.
HELP THIS IMPORTANT WORK
CONTINUE.
THE 63rd GRAMMY AWARDS IS
SPONSORED BY FORD. BUILT FORD
PROUD.
♪ ♪ ♪
WELCOME BACK TO THE
GRAMMY AWARDS.
SO. WHAT DO ADELE. ED SHEERAN.
AND LADY GAGA ALL HAVE IN
COMMON?
WELL. THEY'VE ALL DONE "CARPOOL
KARAOKE" EPISODES WHERE JAMES
CORDEN HIT A PEDESTRIAN AND KEPT
DRIVING.
AND ALSO. THEY'VE ALL WON THIS
NEXT GRAMMY AWARD.
TO HELP GIVE OUT THE GRAMMY FOR
BEST POP SOLO PERFORMANCE. WE'RE
HEADING ACROSS TOWN TO WEST
HOLLYWOOD AND AN INDEPENDENT
MUSIC VENUE.
LET'S MEET THE NIGHT MANAGER.
RACHELLE ERRATCHU. AT THE
TROUBADOUR.
I'M WORK HERE AT THE TROWB A
DOWR. FOR 15 YEARS AND I'M THE
NIGHT MANAGER. IT'S A MAGIC
PLACE. HISTORY IS MADE HERE ALL
THE TIME. WHEN YOU COME IN HERE
IT'S LIKE GOING TO CHURCH.
THE PEOPLE IN THAT ROOM DON'T
WANT TO BE ANYWHERE ELSE IN THE
WORLD BUT IN THAT ROOM. PEOPLE
TALK ABOUT SHOWS THAT HAPPENED
HERE 40. 50 YEARS AGO AND THEY
WILL TALK ABOUT THEM 40. 50
YEARS LATER.
WE BUILD A COMMUNITY HERE EVERY
NIGHT AND THAT COMMUNITY IS
CURRENTLY GONE.
WHEN THE DOORS ARE FINALLY ABLE
TO OPEN UP AGAIN. IT WILL
DEFINITELY BE LIKE OH. CAN I
BREATHE AGAIN.
MEANWHILE IT IS MY HONOR TO
PRESENT THE GRAMMY AWARD FOR
BEST POP SOLO POMANCE.
HERE ARE THE NOMINATIONS.
"YUMMY." JUSTIN BIEBER.
"SAY SO." DOJA CAT.
"EVERYTHING I WANTED." BILLIE
EILISH.
"DON'T START NOW." DUA LIPA.
"WATERMELON SUGAR." HARRY
STYLES.
"CARDIGAN." TAYLOR SWIFT.
♪ ♪ ♪
AND THE TROUBADOUR'S
VERY OWN NIGHT MANAGER. RACHELLE
ERRATCHU. IS HERE NOW TO DO THE
HONORS.
"WATERMELON SUGAR." HARRY
STYLES.
♪ I DON'T KNOW IF I COULD EVER
GO WITHOUT.
♪ WATERMELON SUGAR HIGH.
♪.
WOW. TO EVERYONE WHO MADE
THIS RECORD WITH ME. THANK YOU
SO MUCH.
THIS IS THE FIRST SONG WE WROTE
AFTER MY FIRST ALBUM CAME OUT.
DURING A DAY OFF IN NASHVILLE
AND I JUST WANT TO SAY THANKS TO
TOM. KYLE AND MITCH AND
EVERYONE.
ROB STRINGER AND EVERYONE AT
COLUMBIA. MY MANAGER. WHO HAS
ALWAYS NUDGED ME TO DO BETTER
AND NEVER PUSHED ME.
AND THANK YOU SO MUCH.
SO VERY GRATEFUL TO BE HERE.
THANK YOU. THANK YOU SO MUCH.
THANK YOU SO MUCH.
CONGRATULATIONS ON A WELL
DESERVED WIN.
NOW AS WE PUT THE GRAMMY
SPOTLIGHT ON WORKERS AT
INDEPENDENT MUSIC VENUES TONIGHT
WE REMAIN THANKFUL FOR ALL OF
OUR ESSENTIAL WORKERS AROUND THE
WORLD WHO HAVE DONE SO MUCH TO
ENSURE THAT SO MANY OF US HAVE
SURVIVED.
WE ALSO RECOGNIZED THAT DURING
THIS PAST YEAR UNLIKE ANY OTHER.
THE LOSS OF LIFE HAS BEEN
HISTORIC.
AND SO TONIGHT WE WANT TO
REMEMBER THE ENDURING IMPACT OF
THOSE IN OUR MUSIC COMMUNITY WHO
WE HAVE LOST THIS PAST YEAR.
THAT LOSS HAS BEEN IMMENSE.
SO AT THE END OF THE NIGHT.
-PLEASE GO TO GRAMMY.
-COM FOR A
LIST OF NEARLY 1.000 SOULS WHO
HAVE BROUGHT SUCH ENDURING MUSIC
TO OUR LIVES.
♪ AIN'T NO SUNSHINE
WHEN SHE'S GONE
♪ IT'S NOT WARM
WHEN SHE'S AWAY
♪ AIN'T NO SUNSHINE
WHEN SHE'S GONE
♪ AND SHE'S ALWAYS
GONE TOO LONG
♪ ANYTIME SHE
GOES AWAY
♪ ♪ ♪
♪ GONNA TELL AUNT MARY 'BOUT
UNCLE JOHN
♪ HE CLAIM HE HAS THE MISERY
BUT HE HAD A LOT OF FUN
♪ OH. BABY
YEAH BABY
♪ WOO BABY
I'M HAVIN' ME SOME FUN TONIGHT
♪ WELL LONG. TALL SALLY SHE'S
BUILT FOR SPEED. SHE GOT
♪ EVERYTHING THAT UNCLE JOHN
NEED ♪ OH. BABY
YEAH BABY
♪ WOO BABY
I'M HAVIN' ME SOME FUN TONIGHT
♪ ♪ ♪
♪ GOOD GOLLY MISS MOLLY
SURE LIKE TO BALL
♪ WHEN YOU'RE ROCKIN' AND A
ROLLIN'
♪ I CAN'T HEAR YOUR MAMA CALL
FROM THE EARLY. EARLY MORNIN'
♪ TO THE EARLY. EARLY NIGHT
WHEN YOU CAUGHT
♪ MISS MOLLY ROCKIN'
AT THE HOUSE OF BLUE LIGHT
♪ GOOD GOLLY MISS MOLLY
SURE LIKE TO BALL
♪ WHEN YOU'RE ROCKING
AND A-ROLLIN'
♪ CAN'T HEAR YOUR MAMA CALL
AAAHHH
♪ ♪ ♪
I'M GOING TO THE CORNER
♪ GONNA BUY A DIAMOND RING
WOULD YOU PARDON ME. KISS ME
♪ MAKE ME TING-A-LING-A-LING
GOOD GOLLY MISS MOLLY
♪ SURE LIKE TO BALL
WHEN YOU'RE ROCKING
♪ AND A-ROLLIN'
I CAN'T HEAR YOUR MAMA CALL ♪
♪ ♪ ♪
WE LOVE YOU LITTLE RICHARD!
♪ STOP!
IN THE NAME OF LOVE
♪ BEFORE YOU BREAK MY HEART
BABY. BABY
♪ I'M AWARE OF WHERE YOU GO
EACH TIME YOU LEAVE MY DOOR
♪ LADY
I'M YOUR KNIGHT
♪ IN SHINING ARMOR
♪ AND I LOVE YOU
YOU HAVE MADE ME WHAT I AM AND
♪ I AM YOURS
MY LOVE
♪ THERE'S SO MANY WAYS I WANT TO
SAY
♪ I LOVE YOU
LET ME HOLD YOU IN MY ARMS
♪ FOR EVER MORE
♪ YOU HAVE GONE
AND MADE ME SUCH A FOOL
♪ I'M SO LOST
IN YOUR LOVE
♪ AND OH
WE BELONG TOGETHER
♪ WON'T YOU BELIEVE
IN MY SONG
♪ OH. LADY
YOUR LOVE'S
♪ THE ONLY LOVE I NEED
AND BESIDE ME
♪ IS WHERE
I WANT YOU TO BE
♪ 'CAUSE. MY LOVE
THERE'S SOMETHING
♪ I WANT YOU
TO KNOW
♪ YOU'RE THE LOVE OF MY LIFE
YOU'RE THE LOVE OF MY LIFE
♪ YOU'RE MY LADY ♪
MISS YOU. KENNY.
MISS YOU. MAN.
♪ ♪ ♪
'CAUSE YOU'VE GOT TO
♪ KISS AN ANGEL GOOD MORNING
AND LET HER KNOW YOU THINK
♪ ABOUT HER WHEN YOU'RE GONE
KISS AN ANGEL GOOD MORNING
♪ AND LOVE HER LIKE THE DEVIL
WHEN YOU GET BACK HOME
♪ ♪ ♪
I'VE BEEN DOWN THIS ROAD BEFORE
♪ I REMEMBER EVERY TREE
EVERY SINGLE BLADE OF GRASS
♪ HOLDS A SPECIAL PLACE FOR ME
AND I REMEMBER EVERY TOWN
♪ AND EVERY HOTEL ROOM
AND EVERY SONG I EVER SANG
♪ ON A GUITAR OUT OF TUNE
I REMEMBER EVERYTHING
♪ THINGS I CAN'T FORGET
THE WAY YOU TURNED
♪ AND SMILED ON ME
ON THE NIGHT THAT WE FIRST MET
♪ AND I REMEMBER EVERY NIGHT
YOUR OCEAN EYES OF BLUE
♪ HOW I MISS YOU
IN THE MORNING LIGHT
♪ LIKE ROSES MISS THE DEW
I'VE BEEN DOWN
♪ THIS ROAD BEFORE
ALONE AS I CAN BE
♪ CAREFUL NOT TO LET MY PAST
GO SNEAKING UP ON ME
I'VE GOT NO FUTURE
♪ IN MY HAPPINESS
MY REGRETS ARE VERY FEW
♪ SOMETIMES A LITTLE TENDERNESS
WAS THE BEST THAT I COULD DO
♪ I REMEMBER EVERYTHING
YOUR OCEAN EYES OF BLUE
♪ HOW I MISS YOU
IN THE MORNING LIGHT
♪ LIKE ROSES MISS THE DEW
HOW I MISS YOU
♪ IN THE MORNING LIGHT
LIKE ROSES MISS THE DEW ♪
WE THANK YOU JOHN. FOR
EVERYTHING.
♪ ♪ ♪
♪ WHEN YOU WALK
THROUGH A STORM
♪ HOLD YOUR HEAD UP HIGH
AND DON'T
♪ BE AFRAID
OF THE DARK
♪ AT THE END
OF A STORM
♪ THERE'S A GOLDEN SKY
AND THE SWEET
♪ SILVER SONG OF A LARK
WALK ON THROUGH THE WIND
♪ WALK ON THROUGH THE RAIN
THOUGH YOUR DREAMS
♪ BE TOSSED
AND BLOWN
♪ WALK ON
WALK ON
♪ WITH HOPE IN YOUR HEART
AND YOU'LL NEVER
♪ WALK
ALONE ♪ YOU'LL NEVER WALK ALONE
♪ ♪ ♪
WALK ON
♪ WALK ON
WITH HOPE IN YOUR HEART
♪ AND YOU'LL NEVER WALK
ALONE
♪ YOU'LL NEVER WALK ALONE ♪
♪ ♪ ♪
I LOVE IT. I LOVE THE MUSIC.
AND I LIKE DOING THE LIVE SHOWS
AND I DON'T CARE WHO ST. OR
WHAT. AIBT NO STOPPING ME.
I JUST CARE ABOUT THE PEOPLE
I WORK WITH. AND MOST OF ALL I
CARE ABOUT MY FAMILY.
♪ ♪ ♪
WELCOME BACK TO THE GRAMMYS.
THIS YEAR'S COUNTRY GRAMMY
NOMINATIONS WERE DOMINATED BY
FANTASTIC FEMALE ARTISTS. AND WE
WANT TO CELEBRATE THE REMARKABLE
ABLE WOMEN OF COUNTRY MUSIC
TODAY BY PUTTING THE SPOTLIGHT
ON THREE OF THE GENRES VERY
BEST.
WE BEGIN WITH THE FIRST BLACK
FEMALE SOLO ARTIST EVER
NOMINATED IN A COUNTRY CATEGORY.
LADIES AND GENTLEMEN. MICKEY
GUYTON.
♪ LITTLE KID IN A SMALL TOWN
I DID MY BEST JUST TO FIT IN
♪ BROKE MY HEART
ON THE PLAYGROUND. MM
♪ WHEN THEY SAID I WAS DIFFERENT
OH. NOW. NOW
♪ I'M ALL GROWN UP
AND NOTHING HAS CHANGED
♪ YEAH. IT'S STILL THE SAME
IT'S A HARD LIFE ON EASY STREET
♪ JUST WHITE PAINTED PICKET
FENCES FAR AS YOU CAN SEE
♪ IF YOU THINK WE LIVE IN
THE LAND OF THE FREE
♪ YOU SHOULD TRY TO BE
BLACK LIKE ME
MY DADDY WORKED DAY AND NIGHT
FOR AN OLD HOUSE
♪ AND A USED CAR. HM
JUST TO LIVE THAT GOOD LIFE. MM
♪ IT SHOULDN'T BE TWICE AS HARD
OH. NOW. NOW
♪ I'M ALL GROWN UP
AND NOTHING HAS CHANGED
♪ YEAH. IT'S STILL THE SAME
IT'S A HARD LIFE ON EASY STREET
♪ JUST WHITE PAINTED PICKET
FENCES FAR AS YOU CAN SEE
♪ IF YOU THINK WE LIVE IN
THE LAND OF THE FREE
♪ YOU SHOULD TRY TO BE
OH. BLACK LIKE ME
♪ OH. OH
OH. I KNOW I'M NOT THE
♪ ONLY ONE. OH. YEAH
WHO FEELS LIKE I
♪ I DON'T BELONG
IT'S A HARD LIFE ON EASY STREET
♪ JUST WHITE PAINTED PICKET
FENCES FAR AS YOU CAN SEE
♪ AND IF YOU THINK WE LIVE IN
THE LAND OF THE FREE
♪ THEN YOU SHOULD TRY TO BE
OH. BLACK LIKE ME
♪ OH. AND SOMEDAY
WE'LL ALL BE FREE
♪ AND I'M PROUD TO BE
OH. BLACK LIKE ME
BLACK LIKE ME
THANK YOU.
AND NOW THE ONE AND ONLY MIRANDA
LAMBERT.
♪ ♪ ♪
OOH
♪ WELL. I'M A TURNER
I TURN PAGES ALL THE TIME
♪ DON'T LIKE WHERE I'M AT
34 WAS BAD
♪ SO I JUST TURN TO 35
YEAH. I'M A KEEPER
♪ I KEEP DIGGING DOWN FOR
THE DEEP
♪ LIKE THE RECORDS I'M PLAYING
THEY MIGHT KEEP YOU WAITING
♪ BUT YOU KNOW I'M GONNA
PLAY 'EM FOR KEEPS
♪ AND IF THE HOUSE JUST
KEEPS ON WINNING
♪ I GOT A WILDCARD UP MY SLEEVE
AND IF LOVE KEEPS GIVING ME
♪ LEMONS
I'LL JUST MIX 'EM IN MY DRINK
♪ AND IF THE WHOLE WIDE WORLD
STOPS SINGING
♪ AND ALL THE STARS GO DARK
I'LL KEEP A LIGHT ON IN MY SOUL
♪ KEEP A BLUEBIRD IN MY HEART
♪ ♪ ♪
♪ WELL. I'M A GIVER
YEAH. AND I'M STILL
♪ GIVING 'EM HELL
FORGIVING'S PRETTY HARD
♪ SO I MADE AN ART OUT OF
FORGETTING 'EM WELL
♪ YEAH. I'M A RHYMER
I CAN TURN TWENTY CENTS INTO
A TEN
♪ AND IF I GET CONFUSED
AND I START TO LOSE
♪ I RHYME A DIME 'TIL
IT ALL MAKES SENSE
♪ AND IF THE HOUSE JUST
KEEPS ON WINNING
♪ I GOT A WILDCARD UP MY SLEEVE
AND IF LOVE KEEPS GIVING ME
♪ LEMONS
I'LL JUST MIX 'EM IN MY DRINK
♪ AND IF THE WHOLE WIDE WORLD
STOPS SINGING
♪ AND ALL THE STARS GO DARK
I'LL TURN A LIGHT ON IN MY SOUL
♪ KEEP A BLUEBIRD IN MY HEART
♪ ♪ ♪
♪ AND IF THE HOUSE JUST
KEEPS ON WINNING
♪ I GOT A WILDCARD UP MY SLEEVE
AND IF LOVE KEEPS GIVING ME
♪ LEMONS
I'LL JUST MIX 'EM IN MY DRINK
♪ AND IF THE WHOLE WIDE WORLD
STOPS SINGING
♪ AND ALL THE STARS GO DARK
I'LL KEEP A LIGHT ON IN MY SOUL
♪ KEEP A BLUEBIRD IN MY HEART
KEEP A BLUEBIRD IN MY HEART
♪ ♪ ♪
ALL RIGHT. JOINED BY JOHN
MAYER. HER IS MY TEXAS GAL PAL.
MISS MAREN MORRIS.
♪ WE'RE IN THE HOMESTRETCH
OF THE HARD TIMES
♪ WE TOOK A HARD LEFT
BUT WE'RE ALRIGHT
♪ YEAH. LIFE SURE CAN TRY TO
PUT LOVE THROUGH IT. BUT
♪ WE BUILT THIS RIGHT. SO
NOTHING'S EVER GONNA MOVE IT
♪ WHEN THE BONES ARE GOOD
THE REST DON'T MATTER
♪ YEAH. THE PAINT COULD PEEL
THE GLASS COULD SHATTER
♪ LET IT RAIN 'CAUSE YOU
AND I REMAIN THE SAME
♪ WHEN THERE AIN'T A CRACK
IN THE FOUNDATION
♪ BABY. I KNOW ANY
STORM WE'RE FACING
♪ WILL BLOW RIGHT OVER
WHILE WE STAY PUT
♪ THE HOUSE DON'T FALL
WHEN THE BONES ARE GOOD
♪ CALL IT DUMB LUCK
BUT BABY. YOU AND I
♪ CAN'T EVEN MESS IT UP
ALTHOUGH WE BOTH TRY
♪ NO. IT DON'T ALWAYS GO
THE WAY WE PLANNED IT
♪ BUT THE WOLVES CAME AND WENT
AND WE'RE STILL STANDING
♪ WHEN THE BONES ARE GOOD
THE REST DON'T MATTER
♪ YEAH. THE PAINT COULD PEEL
THE GLASS COULD SHATTER
♪ LET IT RAIN 'CAUSE YOU
AND I REMAIN THE SAME
♪ WHEN THERE AIN'T A CRACK
IN THE FOUNDATION
♪ BABY. I KNOW ANY
STORM WE'RE FACING
♪ WILL BLOW RIGHT OVER
WHILE WE STAY PUT
♪ THE HOUSE DON'T FALL
WHEN THE BONES ARE GOOD
♪ ♪ ♪
♪ WHEN THE BONES ARE GOOD
♪ THE REST DON'T MATTER
BABY. IT DON'T REALLY MATTER
♪ PAINT COULD PEEL
THE GLASS COULD SHATTER
♪ OH. THE GLASS
OH. THE GLASS COULD SHATTER
♪ BONES ARE GOOD. THE REST
THE REST DON'T MATTER. OOH
♪ PAINT COULD PEEL. THE GLASS
THE GLASS COULD SHATTER. YEAH
♪ WHEN THE BONES ARE GOOD
THE REST DON'T MATTER
♪ YEAH. THE PAINT COULD PEEL
THE GLASS COULD SHATTER
♪ LET IT RAIN
LET IT RAIN
'CAUSE YOU AND I
♪ REMAIN THE SAME. WOO
WHEN THERE AIN'T A
♪ CRACK IN THE FOUNDATION. WOO
BABY. I KNOW ANY
♪ STORM WE'RE FACING
WILL BLOW RIGHT OVER
♪ WHILE WE STAY PUT
THE HOUSE DON'T FALL
♪ WHEN THE BONES ARE GOOD
YEAH. OOH ♪
COMING UP. THE GRAMMY AWARD
FOR SONG OF THE YEAR.
THEN PERFORMANCES BY POST
MALONE. BTS AND MEGAN THEE
STALLION AND CARDI B WITH THEIR
FIRST EVER TV PERFORMANCE OF
WAP.
THIS IS
THE 63rd GRAMMY AWARDS IS
SPONSORED BY LINCOLN FAMILY OF
LUXURY S.U.V.s.
♪ ♪ ♪
WELCOME BACK TO THE
GRAMMYS.
LET'S TAKE A LOOK AT SOME AWARDS
WE PRESENTED EARLIER.
THE GRAMMY FOR
BEST MELODIC RAP PERFORMANCE
ANDERSON PAAK.
♪.
WOW. THANK YOU. THANK YOU SO
MUCH.
I WANT TO SAY THANK YOU SO MUCH
TO MY FAMILY. MY BEAUTIFUL WIFE
AND KIDS.
I WANT TO SAY THANK YOU TO THE
TEAM THAT HELPED ME PUT THIS
RECORD TOGETHER.
I WANT TO SAY THANK YOU TO THE
ACADEMY AND LASTLY I WANT TO SAY
THAT THIS SONG. LOCKDOWN IS
DEDICATED TO EVERY HUMAN BEING
WHO ACTUALLY HAS A VOICE.
IF YOU HAVE A VOICE. DON'T BE
AFRAID TO USE IT.
BECAUSE THEY WATCHING.
AND THIS IS PROOF.
THANK YOU SO MUCH.
THE GRAMMY FOR BEST
THE GRAMMY FOR BEST LATIN POP OR
OR URBAN ALBUM WENT TO YHLQMDLG.
BAD BUNNY.
I'M VERY HAPPY. I'M REALLY
HAPPY. I'M VERY PROUD.
I WANT TO THANK EVERY PERSON IN
THE WORLD THAT LISTENED TO MY
MUSIC. AND SUPPORT MY CAREER AND
MY IDEAS.
NOW AS YOUR HOST. AND A
GRAMMY NOMINEE MYSELF. I KNOW.
I'VE BEEN GIVEN THE HONOR OF
ANNOUNCING SOJ OF THE YEAR.
NOW JUST SO EVERYBODY
UNDERSTANDS. RECORD OF THE YEAR
HONORS THE PERFORMANCE AND THE
PRODUCTION OF A TRACK.
SONG OF THE YEAR IS AN AWARD
THAT HONORS THE TALENTED PEOPLE
WHO WRITE THE MUSIC AND THOSE
WORDS.
L LIKE THOSE LYRICISTS WHO PEN THE
LINES THAT STIR OUR SOULS AND
MAKE YOU ASK YOURSELF. "AM I A
SAVAGE?
CLASSY. BOUGIE. RATCHET?"
I'M ALSO EXCITED TO ANNOUNCE THE
RECORDING ACADEMY IS LAUNCHING
ITS NEW SONGWRITERS & COMPOSERS
WING TO ELEVATE AND ADVOCATE ON
BEHALF OF SONGWRITERS AND
COMPOSERS.
WITH THAT SAID. THESE ARE THE
NOMINATIONS FOR SONG OF THE
YEAR.
♪ ♪ ♪
"BLACK PARADE."
"THE BOX."
"CARDIGAN."
"CIRCLES."
"DON'T START NOW."
"EVERYTHING I WANTED."
"I CAN'T BREATHE."
"IF THE WORLD WAS ENDING."
WOW.
WOW. THIS IS TENSE.
"I CAN'T BREATHE." H.E.R.
♪ ♪ ♪
♪ I CAN'T BREATHE.
♪.
OH MY GOD. I DON'T EVEN KNOW
WHAT TO SAY.
I THINK THE FIRST THING I WANT
TO SAY IS THAT I HAVE NEVER BEEN
SO PROUD TO BE AN ARTIST.
AND EVERYBODY ELSE THIS WAS
NOMINATED. THOSE SONGS WERE TO
ME. SONG OF THE YEAR ALSO AND
THEY WERE ALL AMAZING.
BUT YOU KNOW. WE WROTE THIS SONG
OVER FACETIME.
AND I DIDN'T IMAGINE THAT MY
FEAR AND THAT MY PAIN WOULD TURN
INTO IMPACT.
AND IT WOULD POSSIBLY TURN INTO
CHANGE.
AND I THINK THAT IS WHAT THIS IS
ABOUT.
AND THAT'S WHY I WRITE MUSIC.
THAT'S WHY I DO THIS.
SO I'M SO. SO GRATEFUL.
I WANT TO THANK GOD FOR GIVING
ME THE GIFT OF A VOICE AND A PEN
AND USING ME AS A VESEL TO
CREATE CHANGE AND I'M SO
THANKFUL FOR SIERRA AND-- WHO
ARE PART OF THIS. A HUGE PART OF
THIS RECORD.
I WANT TO THANK MY MOM. I
RECORDED THIS SONG MYSELF IN MY
BEDROOM AT MY MOM'S HOUSE.
AND I WANT TO THANK MY DAD.
HE CRIED.
HE WAS IN TEARS WHEN I WROTE
THIS SONG AND I PLAYED IT FOR
HIM.
HE WAS THE FIRST PERSON I PLAYED
IT FOR.
AND YEAH. MY JEFF. MISHA WALT.
JANEVEN. EVERYBODY AT RCA.
PETER. CAROLYN. CAMEL.
EVERYBODY.
I'M SO SPEECHLESS RIGHT NOW. I
CAN'T BELIEVE THIS. THANK YOU SO
MUCH. BUT REMEMBER. WE ARE THE
CHANGE THAT WE WISH TO SEE. AND
THAT FIGHT THAT WE HAD IN US.
THE SUMMER OF 2020. KEEP THAT
SAME INFORMING.
-- ENERGY.
THANK YOU.
♪ ♪ ♪
AFTER THIS BREAK.
MEGAN THEE STALLION AND CARDI B
PERFORM "WAP" FOR THE FIRST TIME
ANYWHERE.
THIS IS CBS.
HISTORY!
HEAD TO charitybuzz.com/grammy
AND BID ON ONE-OF-A-KIND SIGNED
ITEMS TO SUPPORT THE GRAMMY
MUSEUM'S MUSIC EDUCATION
PROGRAMS AND KEEP MUSIC PLAYING
THE 63rd GRAMMY AWARDS IS
SPONSORED BY "IN THE HEIGHTS."
IN THEATERS AND ON HBO MAX JUNE
18.
♪ ♪ ♪
WELCOME BACK TO THE GRAMMY
AWARDS. NOW I HOPE YOU'RE READY.
EVERYBODY. BECAUSE IN TONIGHT
WE'RE GOING TO FIND OUT WHAT WAP
REALLY STANDS FOR. IF YOU HAVE
SMALL CHILDREN IN THE ROOM. JUST
TELL THEM IT'S A SONG ABOUT
GIVING A CAT A BATH.
CARDI B WILL BE TAKING TO THE
STAGE SHORTLY BUT FIRST THE TIME
HAS COME TO GET UP CLOSE AND
PERSONAL WITH THE DYNAMIC
HIP-HOP FORCE WHO IS ALREADY A
GRAMMY WINNER TONIGHT AND IS
NOMINATED FOR RECORD OF THE
YEAR.
LET'S GET TO KNOW MEGAN THEE
STALLION.
♪ ♪ ♪
OKAY.
YOU WANT TO KNOW ABOUT GOOD
NEWS.
I'M STIERD OF-- TIRED OF
GETTING ON MY PHONE AND LOOKING
AT ALL THE BAD NEWS GOING ON IN
THE WORLD.
SO I WAS LIKE YOU KNOW WHAT.
THIS ALBUM IS CALLED GOOD NEWS
AND THE GOOD NEWS IS COMING FROM
MEGAN STALLION.
GROWING UP IN HOUSTON. JUST THE
HOTTIE THAT I AM. MY VIBE. THE
WAY I TALK. THE WAY I DRESS. THE
WAY I WALK IT IS A SOUTHERN
SWAG.
HAVE I ALWAYS HAD MY MOTHER. MY
AUNT. MY GREAT GRANDMOTHER AND
GRANDMA TELLING ME MEGAN. YOU'RE
AMAZING.
MEGAN. YOU CAN DO WHATEVER YOU
WANT TO DO. DON'T LET NOBODY
TELL YOU NOTHING DIFFERENT.
YOU'RE BEAUTIFUL.
NOW IT IS SO EASY FOR ME TO
UPLIFT OTHER WOMEN BECAUSE I'VE
ALWAYS BEEN UPLIFTED.
SAFAGE IS MY CONFIDENCE
ANTHEM.
I'M DESCRIBING MYSELF AND HOW
EVERY OTHER PERSON SHOULD FEEL.
EVERYBODY WAS ALWAYS ASKED WHO
IS YOUR DREAM COULD LAB AND I
WOULD BE LIKE BEYONS. BEYONS.
AND IT FINALLY HAPPENED.
I REMEMBER PERFORMING A I
WOULD BE AT CLUBS. POMPLING
EVERY NIGHT. ANYWHERE I COULD
PERFORM I WOULD PERFORM.
AND IT JUST GOT BIGGER EVERY
TIME.
AND NOW I'M GRAMMY NOMINATED.
WE AT THE GRAMMYS NOW. WE NEVER
GAVE UP.
EVEN ON THE DAYS YOU FEEL LIKE
QUITTING. DON'T QUIT BECAUSE IT
IS POSSIBLE TO ACHIEVE ALL YOUR
DREAMS.
♪ ♪ ♪
AND IF THE BEAT LIVE.
WHAT'S UP. GRAMMYS?
♪ BODY-ODY-ODY-ODY-ODY-ODY-ODY-
ODY-ODY-ODY-ODY-ODY-ODY-ODY-ODY
WHAT'S UP. HOTTIES AT HOME?
♪ BODY-ODY-ODY-ODY-ODY-ODY-ODY-
ODY-ODY-ODY-ODY-ODY-ODY-ODY-ODY
TONIGHT IS MY FIRST TIME AT THE
GRAMMYS.
BUT IT'S NOT MY FIRST TIME
ENTERTAINING YOU.
♪ BODY-ODY-ODY-ODY-ODY-ODY-ODY-
ODY-ODY-ODY-ODY-ODY-ODY-ODY-ODY
♪ BODY CRAZY
CURVY. WAVY
♪ BIG-- LIL' WAIST
BODY CRAZY
♪ CURVY. WAVY
♪ BIG-- LIL' WAIST
♪ ♪ ♪
♪ I COULD BUILD A HOUSE
WITH ALL THE BRICK I GOT
♪ I COULD--
I COULD BUILD A HOUSE
WITH ALL THE BRICK I GOT
♪ ♪ ♪
I'M THAT
♪ BEEN THAT
STILL THAT
♪ WILL FOREVER BE THAT
♪ I'M A SAVAGE
ATTITUDE NASTY
♪ TALK BIG
BUT MY BANK ACCOUNT MATCH IT
♪ HOOD. BUT I'M CLASSY
RICH. BUT I'M RATCHET
♪ HATERS KEPT MY NAME IN THEY
MOUTH. NOW THEY GAGGIN'
BOUGIE ♪ HE SAY. "THE WAY THAT THANG
MOVE. IT'S A MOVIE"
♪ I TOLD THAT BOY.
"WE GOTTA KEEP IT LOW
♪ LEAVE ME THE ROOM KEY"
I DONE BLED THE BLOCK
♪ AND NOW IT'S HOT
I'M TUNECHI
A MOOD AND I'M MOODY. AH
♪ I'M A SAVAGE. OKAY
CLASSY. BOUGIE. RATCHET. OKAY
♪ SASSY. MOODY. NASTY. YEAH
ACTING STUPID
♪ WHAT'S HAPPENING?
WHAT'S HAPPENING?
♪ LIKE BEYONCE. LIKE ME
LIKE ME
♪ HE WANT A LIKE THEE STALLION
♪ WITH THE KNEES
WITH THE KNEES
♪ HE BE LIKE. "DAMN. HOW THAT
THANG MOVIN' IN THEM JEANS?"
THEM JEANS
-♪ EVEN D4
-L COULDN'T DO IT
LIKE ME. LIKE ME
♪ I'M THE OOH
I NEED A MOP TO CLEAN THE FLOOR.
♪ IT'S TOO MUCH DRIP. OHH
I KEEP A KNOT. I KEEP A WATCH.
♪ I KEEP A WHIP. OOH
LET'S PLAY A GAME.
♪ SIMON SAYS I'M STILL THAT AYY
I'M STILL THAT. YUH
♪ AH. I'M A SAVAGE. YEAH
CLASSY. BOUGIE. RATCHET. YEAH
♪ SASSY. MOODY. NASTY
HEY. HEY YEAH
♪ ACTING STUPID
WHAT'S HAPPENING?
♪ WHAT'S HAPPENING?
WHOA ♪ HIPS TIKTOK WHEN I DANCE
DANCE ♪ ON THAT DEMON TIME
SHE MIGHT START A ONLYFANS
ONLYFANS
♪ BIG B AND THAT B STAND FOR
BANDS
♪ IF YOU WANNA SEE SOME REAL
BABY. HERE'S YOUR CHANCE
♪ I SAY. LEFT CHEEK. RIGHT
CHEEK. DROP IT LOW. THEN SWANG
SWANG ♪ TEXAS UP IN THIS THANG
THANG ♪ PUT YOU UP ON THIS GAME
GAME ♪ IVY PARK ON MY FRAME
FRAME ♪ GANG. GANG. GANG. GANG
GANG ♪ IF YOU DON'T JUMP TO PUT JEANS
ON. BABY. YOU DON'T FEEL MY PAIN
HOL' UP
♪ I'M A SAVAGE. YEAH
CLASSY. BOUGIE. RATCHET. YEAH
♪ SASSY. MOODY. NASTY
HEY. HEY YEAH
♪ ACTING STUPID
WHAT'S HAPPENING?
♪ WHAT'S HAPPENING?
♪ ♪ ♪
I'M A SAVAGE. OKAY
♪ CLASSY. BOUGIE. RATCHET. OKAY
SASSY. MOODY. NASTY. YEAH
♪ ACTING STUPID
WHAT'S HAPPENING?
♪ WHAT'S HAPPENING?
I'M A SAVAGE. YEAH
OKAY
♪ CLASSY. BOUGIE. RATCHET. YEAH
SASSY. MOODY. NASTY. HUH
♪ ACTING STUPID
WHAT'S HAPPENING?
♪ WHAT'S HAPPENING?
AH ♪
♪ ♪ ♪
♪ UP. UP
UP. AYY. UP. UH
♪ UP. LOOK
LOOK. ONCE UPON A TIME. MAN
I HEARD THAT I WAS UGLY
♪ CAME FROM A CHICK WHO
MAN'S WANNA TOUCH ME
♪ I SAID MY FACE BOMB. ABS TIGHT
RACKS STACK UP SHAQ HEIGHT
♪ JEWELRY ON ME. FLASHLIGHT
I BEEN LIT SINCE LAST NIGHT
♪ HIT HIM WITH THAT GOOD-GOOD
MAKE HIM WANNA ACT RIGHT
♪ BROKE BOYS DON'T
DESERVE NO KITTY
♪ I KNOW THAT'S RIGHT
BIG BAG BUSSIN' OUT
♪ THE BENTLEY BENTAYGA
♪ THE BENTLEY BENTAYGA. MAN
BIRKIN BAG. BARDI BACK
BIG BAG BUSSIN' OUT
♪ THE BENTLEY BENTAYGA
♪ KNOW HOW I GIVE IT UP
IF IT'S UP. THEN IT'S UP
♪ THEN IT'S UP. THEN IT'S STUCK
HUH. AYY
♪ UP. THEN IT'S UP
IF IT'S UP. THEN IT'S STUCK. HUH
♪ IF IT'S UP. THEN IT'S UP
THEN IT'S UP. THEN IT'S STUCK
♪ HUH. WOO
FACE BOMB. ABS TIGHT
RACKS STACK UP SHAQ HEIGHT
♪ JEWELRY ON ME. FLASHLIGHT
I BEEN LIT SINCE LAST NIGHT
♪ HIT HIM WITH THAT GOOD-GOOD
MAKE HIM WANNA ACT RIGHT
♪ BROKE BOYS DON'T
DESERVE NO KITTY
♪ I KNOW THAT'S RIGHT
IF IT'S UP. THEN IT'S UP
♪ THEN IT'S UP. THEN IT'S STUCK
HUH. AYY ♪
♪ ♪ ♪
♪ I SAID. CERTIFIED FREAK
SEVEN DAYS A WEEK
♪ WET AND
MAKE THAT PULL-OUT GAME WEAK
♪ YEAH. YEAH. YEAH. YEAH
YEAH. YOU DEALING WITH
♪ SOME WET-WET-WET
BRING A AND A MOP FOR THIS
♪ WET-WET-WET
GIVE ME EVERYTHING YOU GOT
♪ FOR THIS WET-WET-WET
BEAT IT UP
♪ BABY. CATCH A CHARGE
EXTRA AND EXTRA
♪ PUT THIS KITTY
RIGHT IN YOUR FACE
♪ SWIPE YOUR NOSE
LIKE A CREDIT CARD
♪ HOP ON TOP
I WANNA RIDE
♪ I DO A KEGEL
I'M KINDA WILD
♪ LOOK AT MY MOUTH
LOOK AT MY THIGHS
♪ THIS WATER IS WET
COME TAKE A DIVE
♪ TIE ME UP
LIKE I'M A SURPRISE
♪ LET'S ROLE PLAY
I'LL WEAR A DISGUISE
♪ I WANT YOU TO PARK THAT
BIG MACK TRUCK
♪ RIGHT IN THIS LITTLE GARAGE
MAKE ME DREAM
♪ MAKE IT STREAM
OUT IN PUBLIC
♪ MAKE A SCENE
I DON'T COOK
♪ I DON'T CLEAN
BUT LET ME TELL YOU
♪ HOW I GOT THIS RING
GOBBLE ME. SWALLOW ME
♪ DRIP DOWN THE SIDE OF ME
I'M OUT 'FORE I LET YOU
♪ GET INSIDE OF ME
I TELL HIM WHERE TO PUT IT
♪ NEVER TELL HIM WHERE
I'M 'BOUT TO BE
♪ I'LL RUN DOWN ON HIM
'FORE I HAVE A-- RUNNING ME
♪ TALK YOUR--
BITE YOUR LIP
♪ ASK FOR A CAR
WHILE YOU RIDE THAT
♪ YOU REALLY AIN'T NEVER GOTTA--
HIM FOR A THANG
♪ HE ALREADY MADE HIS MIND
UP 'FORE HE CAME
♪ NOW GET YOUR BOOTS
AND YOUR COAT
♪ FOR THIS WET-WET-WET
HE BOUGHT A PHONE
♪ JUST FOR PICTURES
OF THIS WET-WET-WET
♪ PAY MY TUITION JUST TO KISS ME
ON THIS WET-WET-WET
♪ NOW MAKE IT RAIN IF YOU WANNA
SEE SOME WET-WET-WET
♪ LOOK. I NEED A HARD HITTER
I NEED A DEEP--
♪ I NEED A HENNY DRINKER
I NEED A-- SMOKER
♪ NOT A GARDEN SNAKE
I NEED A KING COBRA
♪ WITH A HOOK IN IT
HOPE IT LEAN OVER
♪ HE GOT SOME MONEY
THEN THAT'S WHERE I'M HEADED
♪ COOKIE A1
JUST LIKE HIS CREDIT
♪ HE GOT A BEARD
WELL. I'M TRYNA WET IT
♪ I LET HIM HMMM
NOW HE DIABETIC
♪ I DON'T WANNA HMMM
I WANNA-- WOO
♪ I WANNA
I WANT YOU TO TOUCH THAT
♪ TOUCH THAT
IT'S SWINGING IN
♪ THE BACK OF MY--
MY TOE GAME IS FIRE
♪ DASANI. DASANI
IT'S GOING IN DRY
♪ AND IT'S COMING OUT SOGGY
I RUN ON THAT THANG
♪ LIKE THE COPS IS BEHIND ME
THE WAY THAT I SPIT
♪ NOW HE TRYNA SIGN ME
NOW GET YOUR BOOTS
♪ AND YOUR COAT
FOR THIS WET-WET-WET
♪ NOW GET A BUCKET
AND A MOP
♪ THAT'S SOME WET-WET-WET
I'M TALKING WAP. WAP WAP
NOW MAKE IT RAIN IF YOU WANNA
♪ SEE SOME WET-WET-WET
♪ ♪ ♪
NOW FROM THE TOP
♪ MAKE IT DROP
THAT'S SOME WET
♪ THAT'S SOME WET
GET A BUCKET AND A MOP
THAT'S SOME WET
♪ I'M TALKING DROP. DROP. DROP
♪ THAT'S SOME WET
MACARONI IN A POT
THAT'S SOME WET ♪
WOW. WOW. DID YOU SEE
THAT?
DID YOU SEE THAT!
WOW. CARDI B. FEATURING MEGAN
THEE STALLION. THAT WAS AMAZING
WOW. THAT WAS AMAZING. THE GIANT
SHOE. THE GIANT-- OH. AND IT IS
SO SOFT WHAT IS THE THREAD
COUNT. THIS IS AMAZING. WOW.
GUYS. GUYS. WAIT. WAIT. I JUST
REALIZED SOMETHING.
THIS IS A DREAM. THIS IS A DREAM
THAT I HAVE HAD TO BE IN BED
WITH CARDI B AND THEN MY
GRANDMOTHER COMES IN AND WHIPPED
OUR ASS FOR HAVING OUR SHOES ON
IN THE BED. SHE WILL WHIP YOUR
ASS.
I DON'T KNOW ABOUT YOU. BUT
WE HAVE TO COOL DOWN. WE'RE
GOING TO GO FOR A QUICK BREAK
AND LET THE STAGE DRY OFF. POST
MALONE. DOJA CAT. BTS AND LIL
BABY ARE ALL COMING UP.
THIS IS IT.
♪ ♪ ♪
♪ FOR COMPLETE COVERAGE OF THE
GRAMMY AWARDS. EXCLUSIVE
HIGHLIGHTS. BACKSTAGE ACCESS AND
LIVER INTERVIEWS WITH TONIGHT'S
-WINNERS VISIT GRAMMY.
-COM.
♪ ♪ ♪
WELL. GOBBLE ME.
SWALLOW ME. DRIP DOWN THE SIDE
OF ME.
WELCOME BACK.
TO PRESENT OUR NEXT GRAMMY
AWARD. LET'S GO TO THE HEART OF
HARLEM AND PERHAPS THE MOST
HISTORIC INDEPENDENT VENUE IN
AMERICA.
LET'S MEET BILLY MITCHELL AT ONE
OF THE MOST ICONIC PLACES FOR
MUSICIANS TO PERFORM. AND FOR
THE WORLD FAMOUS APOLLO THEATER.
MY NAME IS BILLY MITCHELL.
THEY CALL ME MR. APPALLO. I
FIRST STARTED RUNNING ERRANDS AT
THE THEATER. I USED TO RUN
ERRANDS FOR JAMES BROWN AND HIS
BAND.
HE WOULD ALWAYS ASK ME.
MR. BILLY. HOW ARE YOU DOING IN
SCHOOL. I WOULD SAY I'M DOING
GREAT. AND APPARENTLY HE DIDN'T
BELIEVE ME. BECAUSE ONE DAY
MR. BROWN MADE ME LEAVE THE
APPALLO. GO ALL THE WAY BACK TO
THE BRONX. GET MY REPORT CARD
AND SHOW IT TO HIM.
AND WHEN JAMES BROWN NOTICED MY
REPORT CARD HE TOLD ME THAT I
WAS NOT ALLOWED TO COME BACK TO
THE APPALLO AND RUNNER RANDS
UNTIL I GOT MY GRADES UP.
SO WITH THAT THREAT IN MIND. I
BECAME A MEMBER OF THE HONOR
ROLL AND AS A GRADUATION GIFT
JAMES BROWN GAVE ME SOME MONEY.
I USED THAT MONEY TO ENROLL INTO
BUSINESS SCHOOL AND THAT STARTED
MY CAREER AT THE APPALLO
THEATER.
THANK YOU JAMES BROWN.
THIS WAS THE FIRST YEAR THEATER
THAT NOT ONLY SHOWED BLACK
TALENT ON THE STAGE BUT THE
FIRST THAT HIRED BLACK CREW AND
ALSO LET BLACKS SIT IN THE
AUDIENCE.
THE APPALLO WAS THE FIRST
THEATER IN HARLEM TO DO THAT.
CULTURALLY THIS PLACE IS LIKE
THE BEACON FOR
AFRICAN-AMERICANS.
THERE IS SOMETHING SPECIAL ABOUT
THIS BUILDING.
IT IS SO HEARTBREAKING. WE MISS
OUR AUDIENCE AND WE CAN'T WAIT
UNTIL OUR DOORS ARE OPEN BACK UP
AGAIN.
WE JUST CAN'T WAIT.
AND WE DO OPEN BACK UP. IT IS
GOING TO BE ABSOLUTELY AMAZING.
NOBODY DOES IT BETTER THAN US.
I WAS A POOR KID FROM MOUNT
VERNON. NEW YORK. NOW BEING
ASKED TO PRESENT ON THE GRAMMYS.
MAN. IT GETS NO BETTER THAN
THIS.
AND I AM SO GRATEFUL AND
APPRECIATIVE. I REALLY AM.
IT IS MY HONOR TO PRESENT THE
TBRAMMEE AWARD FOR BEST RAP
SONG.
AND HERE ARE THE NOMINATIONS.
♪ ♪ ♪
"THE BIGGER
PICTURE." LIL BABY.
"THE BOX." RODDY RICCH.
"LAUGH NOW. CRY LATER." DRAKE
FEATURING LIL DURK.
"ROCKSTAR." DaBABY FEATURING
RODDY RICCH.
"SAVAGE." MEGAN THEE STALLION
FEATURING BEYONCE.
♪ ♪ ♪
AND LET'S GO BACK TO
MR. APOLLO.
MR. MITCHELL. TELL US WHO THE
WINNER IS.
ALL RIGHT. THANK YOU. TREVOR.
"SAVAGE." MEGAN THEE STALLION
FEATURING BEYONCE.
♪ ♪ ♪
♪ I'M A SAVAGE. YEAH
CLASSY. BOUGIE. RATCHET. YEAH
♪ SASSY. MOODY. NASTY
HEY. HEY YEAH
♪ ACTING STUPID
WHAT'S HAPPENING?
♪ WHAT'S HAPPENING?
♪ I'M A SAVAGE. YEAH
CLASSY. BOUGIE. RATCHET. YEAH
♪ SASSY. MOODY. NASTY
HEY. HEY YEAH
♪ ACTING STUPID
WHAT'S HAPPENING?
♪ WHAT'S HAPPENING?
FIRST OF ALL.-- OKAY. BECAUSE
I SAID I WILL BRING MY PAPER UP
HERE SO I'M NOT GOING TO FORGET
TO THANK NOBODY. AND NOW I CAME
UP HERE-- FIRST OF ALL. I HAVE
TO KEEP THANKING GOD BECAUSE
WITHOUT GOD NONE OF US WOULD BE
HERE TODAY.
AND I ALSO WANT TO THANK. I ALSO
WANT TO SAY CONGRATULATIONS TO
EVERYBODY WHO WAS NOMINATED
BECAUSE ALL OF THESE SONGS WERE
AMAZING.
WE WOULDN'T-- MUSIC REALLY
HELPED A LOT OF US GET THROUGH
THE PANDEMIC.
SO LIKE I SAID. SHOUT OUT TO
EVERYBODY WHO IS HERE TODAY.
BECAUSE A LOT OF THESE SONGS
PUSHED US ALL THE WAY THROUGH.
I DEFINITELY WANT TO SAY THANK
YOU TO BEYONCE.
IF YOU KNOW ME. YOU HAVE TO KNOW
THAT EVER SINCE I WAS LITTLE I
WAS LIKE YOU KNOW WHAT. ONE DAY
I'M GOING TO GROW UP AND I WILL
BE LIKE BEYONCE. THAT WAS
DEFINITELY MY GOAL.
AND I REMEMBER I WENT TO THE
RODEO FOR THE FIRST TIME AND I
SAW DESTINY'S CHILD PERFORM AND
I WAS LIKE YOU KNOW WHAT. I LOVE
HER WORK. I LOVE THE WAY SHE IS.
I LOVE THE WAY SHE CARRY HERSELF
AND MY MAMA WOULD ALWAYS BE LIKE
MEGAN WHACK WOULD-BE YONS DO.
AND MI ALWAYS LIKE. YOU KNOW
WHAT. WHAT WOULD-BE YONS DO.
BUT LET ME MAKE IT A LITTLE
RATCHET.
BUT--
SO THANK YOU BEYONCE. FOR YOUR
ENCOURAGING WORDS ALL THE TIME.
THANK YOU FOR-- FOR PUTTING ME
ON ROCK NATION. MY LIFE HAS
CHANGED. THANK YOU. I KNOW YOU
WATCHING.
AND YEAH. JUST THANK YOU. WE DID
IT.
I JUST WANT TO QUICKLY GIVE
MY LOVE TO MEGAN. HAVE I SO MUCH
RESPECT FOR YOU AND I'M HONORED
THAT YOU CANNED ME TO BE A PART
OF THT SONG. AND I WANT TO SEAU
HOUSTON. WE LOVE YOU. THANK YOU
GRAMMYS.
THANK YOU.
MEGAN AND BEYONCE.
CONGRATULATIONS.
BEFORE YOU LEAVE THE STAGE.
BEFORE YOU LEAVE THE STAGE I
JUST WANTED TO SAY THIS. WE WANT
EVERYBODY TO KNOW THAT RIGHT NOW
GRAMMY HISTORY HAS BEEN MADE.
BECAUSE WITH THAT AWARD. BEYONCE
HAS JUST TIED THE ALL-TIME
RECORD FOR MOST GRAMMY WINS EVER
BY A FEMALE ARTIST AND BY ANY
SINGER MALE OR FEMALE.
SO CONGRATULATIONS QUEEN B.
BEYONCE IS TIED AT 27 GRAMMYS.
TIED AT 27 GRAMMYS.
WHAT AN ACHIEVEMENT.
WOW.
LADIES..
ALL RIGHT. IT IS TIME FOR
ANOTHER RECORD OF THE YEAR
NOMINEE FILM.
REMEMBER. AN EXTENDED VERSION OF
ALL OF OUR FILMS WILL BE
AN EXTENDED VERSION OF
ALL OUR FILMS WILL BE AVAILABLE
AFTER THE SHOW TONIGHT ON
PARAMOUNT+.
HERE'S A REVEALING LOOK AT THE
CHARMING CHARACTER BEHIND ALL
THOSE MASSIVE HITS AND THREE NEW
GRAMMY NOMINATIONS THIS YEAR.
THIS IS POST MALONE.
♪ ♪ ♪
MAKING CIRCLES. MY VOICE WAS
GONE. I HAD BEEN JAMMING AND
SINGING ALL DAY. AND I WAS LIKE
THIS SONG IS TERRIBLE.
AND THEN I CAME BACK TO IT A
LITTLE WHILE LATER AND IT TURNED
OUT TO BE A PRETTY DECENT SONG.
I FEEL LIKE I DO EXPRESS MYSELF
BEST IN MUSIC.
I'M NOT THE MOST EXTROVERTED
GUY.
PEOPLE COME UP TO ME PLAYING MY
SONG AND I WILL BE LIKE. I'M
SUPER SHOCKED.
PERFORMING IS ABSOLUTELY
TERRIFYING.
YOU GO INTO THE ARENA AND
EVERYBODY IS HYPED UP. IT MAKES
IT EASIER TO GO BUCK WILD.
I THINK IT WAS WHENEVER I
STARTED PLAYING GUITAR HERE I
WAS LIKE I WANT TO BE A MUS IG.
NEVER IN MY LIFE DID I EVER
THINK THAT IT WOULD ACTUALLY
HAPPEN.
GROWING UP IT WAS A VERY MUSIC
APPRECIATIVE HOUSEHOLD BUT MUSIC
TALENT. NOT SO MUCH.
YOU SHOULD HEAR MY MOM SING AND
MY DAD SING.
GOD BLESS AUTO TUNE. EVEN I CAN
SING A COUPLE SONGS.
I'M SO BLESSED AND HONORED TO BE
ABLE TO DO MUSIC. AS MY JOB.
SO THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
CHEERS.
AND NOW PERFORMING
HOLLYWOOD'S BLEEDING. THIS IS
POST MALONE.
♪ ♪ ♪
♪ HOLLYWOOD'S BLEEDING
VAMPIRES FEEDIN'
♪ DARKNESS TURNS TO DUST
EVERYONE'S GONE
♪ BUT NO ONE'S LEAVIN'
NOBODY LEFT BUT US
♪ TRYNA CHASE A FEELIN'
BUT WE'LL NEVER FEEL IT
♪ RIDIN' ON THE LAST TRAIN HOME
DYIN' IN OUR SLEEP
♪ WE'RE LIVIN' OUT A DREAM
WE ONLY MAKE IT OUT ALONE
♪ I JUST KEEP ON HOPIN'
THAT YOU CALL ME
♪ YOU SAY YOU WANNA SEE ME
BUT YOU CAN'T RIGHT NOW
♪ YOU NEVER TOOK THE TIME
TO GET TO KNOW ME
♪ WAS SCARED OF LOSIN' SOMETHIN'
THAT WE NEVER FOUND
♪ WE'RE RUNNING OUT OF REASONS
BUT WE CAN'T LET GO
♪ YEAH. HOLLYWOOD IS BLEEDING
BUT WE CALL IT HOME
♪ OUTSIDE. THE WINTER
SKY TURNIN' GREY
♪ CITY UP IN SMOKE
IT'S ONLY ASH WHEN IT RAINS
♪ HOWL AT THE MOON AND
GO TO SLEEP IN THE DAY
♪ LOVE FOR EVERYBODY 'TIL
THE DRUGS FADE AWAY
♪ IN THE MORNIN'
BLOCKING OUT THE SUN
♪ WITH THE SHADES
SHE GOTTA CHECK HER PULSE
♪ AND TELL HERSELF THAT SHE OKAY
IT SEEM LIKE DYING YOUNG
♪ IS AN HONOR
BUT WHO'D BE AT MY FUNERAL?
♪ I WONDER
I GO OUT
♪ AND ALL THEY EYES ON ME
I SHOUT OUT
♪ "DO YOU LIKE WHAT YOU SEE?"
AND NOW THEY CLOSIN' IN ON ME
♪ LET 'EM SHARPEN ALL THEY TEETH
THIS IS MORE THAN I CAN HANDLE
♪ BLOOD IN MY LAMBO'
WISH I COULD GO
♪ OH. I'M LOSIN' HOPE
I LIGHT A CANDLE
♪ SOME PALO SANTO
FOR ALL THESE DEMONS
♪ WISH I COULD JUST GO ON
I JUST KEEP ON HOPIN'
♪ THAT YOU CALL ME
YOU SAY YOU WANNA SEE ME
♪ BUT YOU CAN'T RIGHT NOW
YOU NEVER TOOK THE TIME
♪ TO GET TO KNOW ME
WAS SCARED OF LOSIN' SOMETHIN'
♪ THAT WE NEVER FOUND
WE'RE RUNNING OUT OF REASONS
♪ BUT WE CAN'T LET GO
YEAH. HOLLYWOOD IS BLEEDING
♪ BUT WE CALL IT HOME ♪
THAT'S RIGHT. POST MALONE.
EVERYBODY.
THANK YOU SO MUCH. THAT WAS AN
AMAZING PERFORMANCE.
AND EVEN MORE AMAZING FACE
TATTOO. THAT IS THE MOST READING
HAVE I DONE ALL YEAR.
STAY TUNED BECAUSE WHEN WE COME
BACK. LIL BABY GIVES A
PERFORMANCE YOU DO NOT WANT TO
MISS.
THIS IS CBS.
JOIN THE CONVERSATION WITH
MUSIC FANS AROUND THE WORLD AND
FOLLOW THE RECORDING ACADEMY FOR
EVERYTHING GRAMMY AWARDS.
THE THE 63rd GRAMMY AWARDS IS
SPONSORED BY PANTENE.
♪ ♪ ♪
WELCOME BACK TO THE
GRAMMYS.
NOW. PLEASE WELCOME TWO
INCREDIBLE ARTISTS WHO ARE BOTH
NOMINATED FOR ALBUM OF THE YEAR
JHENE AIKO AND JACOB
COLLIER.
♪ ♪ ♪
THANK YOU.
JACOB AND I BOTH FEEL SO HONORED
TO BE NOMINATED FOR
ALBUM OF THE YEAR.
COMGRATS.
LIKEWISE.
AND VERY HAPPY TO BE HERE TO
PRESENT THE GRAMMY FOR BEST POP
VOCAL ALBUM.
THIS CATEGORY WAS STARTED IN
1995. AND. IN JUST THAT TIME.
THIS AWARD HAS GONE TO THE LIKES
OF LEGENDS FROM RAY CHARLES TO
BRUNO MARS.
AND FROM BONNIE RAITT TO
ADELE.
THESE ARE THE OUTSTANDING
NOMINATIONS FOR BEST POP VOCAL
ALBUM.
♪ ♪ ♪
"CHANGES." JUSTIN
BIEBER.
"CHROMATICA." LADY GAGA.
"FUTURE NOSTALGIA." DUA LIPA.
"FINE LINE." HARRY STYLES.
"FOLKLORE." TAYLOR SWIFT.
"FUTURE NOSTALGIA." DUA LIPA.
♪ ♪ ♪
OH MY GOODNESS.
WOW. THANK YOU SO MUCH.
THIS IS INSANE.
FUTURE NOSTALGIA MEANS THE
ABSOLUTE WORLD TO ME AND IT HAS
CHANGED MY LIFE IN SO MANY WAYS.
BUT ONE THING THAT I HAVE REALLY
COME TO REALIZE IS HOW MUCH
HAPPINESS IS SO IMPORTANT.
I FELT REALLY DATED AT THE END
OF MY LAST ALBUM WHERE I FELT
LIKE I ONLY HAD TO MAKE SAD
MUSIC TO FEEL LIKE IT MATTERED.
AND MI JUST SO GRATEFUL AND SO
HONORED BECAUSE HAPPINESS IS
SOMETHING WE ALL DESERVE AND
NEED IN OUR LIVES.
AND I REALLY WANT TO SAY A
MASSIVE. MASSIVE THANK YOU TO
ALL THE FANS THAT HAVE. THIS IS
ALL BECAUSE OF YOU.
HONESTLY. THIS IS ALL YOU AND I
APPRECIATE EVERY SINGLE THING
THAT YOU HAVE DONE FOR THIS
ALBUM.
I WANT TO SAY A MASSIVE THANK
YOU TO MY MANAGERS. BEN. ED.
WENDY. GEORGE. WHO HAVE BEEN
WITH ME SINCE I WAS 17. WHO HAVE
REALLY FOUGHT MY CORNER.
I WANT TO SAY THANK YOU TO MY
LABEL. WARNER RECORDS AND YOU
SAY THANK YOU TO JOE. TO MAX. TO
TOM. TO PHIL. TO MIKE. AND THE
WHOLE RADIO TEAM IT REALLY MEANS
A LOT TO ME.
THANK YOU SO MUCH. TO ALL THE
INCREDIBLE WRITERS. ARTISTS AND
PRODUCERS THAT I GOT TO MAKE
THIS ALBUM WITH.
THIS MEANS SO MUCH.
THANKS TO MY FAMILY AND FRIENDS
WATCHING AT HOME. I LOVE YOU.
THANK YOU.
MWAH.
CONGRATULATIONS. DUA
LIPA.
THIS WEDNESDAY NIGHT. THE
RECORDING ACADEMY IS BRINGING
YOU "A GRAMMY SALUTE TO THE
SOUNDS OF CHANGE." A CBS SPECIAL
HONORING THE POWER OF MUSIC TO
SPEAK TO ITS TIMES.
AND RIGHT NOW. WE'RE GOING JUST
DOWN THERE FOR AN UNFORGETTABLE
PERFORMANCE.
HERE PERFORMING "THE BIGGER
PICTURE." PLEASE WELCOME LIL
BABY.
WHEN I WAS GROWING UP I WAS
TAUGHT IN AMERICAN HISTORY BOOKS
THAT AFRICA HAD NO HISTORY AND
NEITHER DID I.
THAT I WAS A SAVAGE.
ABOUT WHOM THE LESS SAID. THE
BETTER.
WHO HAD BEEN SAVED BY EUROPE AND
BROUGHT TO AMERICA.
AND. OF COURSE. I BELIEVED IT.
I DIDN'T HAVE MUCH CHOICE.
♪ TRADE MY 4 X 4 FOR A G63
AIN'T NO MORE FREE LIL' STEVE
♪ I GAVE 'EM CHANCE AND CHANCE
AND CHANCE AGAIN
♪ I EVEN DONE TOLD THEM PLEASE
I FIND IT CRAZY THE POLICE'LL
♪ SHOOT YOU AND
KNOW THAT YOU DEAD
♪ BUT STILL TELL YOU TO FREEZE
-- UP. I SEEN WHAT I SEEN
♪ I GUESS THAT MEAN HOLD HIM
DOWN IF HE SAY HE CAN'T BREATHE
♪ IT'S TOO MANY MOTHERS
THAT'S GRIEVING
♪ THEY KILLING US FOR NO REASON
BEEN GOING ON FOR TOO LONG
♪ TO GET EVEN
♪ LIKE DOGS AND HYENAS
I WENT TO COURT AND THEY
♪ SENT ME TO PRISON
MY MAMA WAS CRUSHED WHEN
♪ THEY SAID I CAN'T LEAVE
FIRST I WAS DRUNK
♪ THEN I SOBERED UP QUICK
WHEN I HEARD ALL THAT TIME
♪ THAT THEY GAVE TO TALIB
HE GOT A LIFE SENTENCE PLUS
♪ WE JUST SOME PRODUCTS
OF OUR ENVIRONMENT
♪ HOW THE-- THEY GON' BLAME US?
YOU CAN'T FIGHT FIRE WITH FIRE
♪ I KNOW. BUT AT LEAST
WE CAN TURN UP THE FLAMES SOME
♪ YOU GOTTA PAY ATTENTION
TO THE SIGNS
♪ SEEM LIKE THE BLIND
FOLLOWING THE BLIND
♪ THINKING 'BOUT EVERYTHING
THAT'S GOING ON
♪ I BOOST SECURITY UP AT MY HOME
I'M WITH MY KIND IF
♪ THEY RIGHT OR THEY WRONG
I CALL HIM NOW
♪ HE'LL PICK UP THE PHONE
AND IT'S 5:0 IN THE MORNING
♪ HE WAKING UP ON IT
TELL 'EM WHEREVER I'M AT
♪ THEN THEY COMIN'
I SEE BLUE LIGHTS. I GET SCARED
♪ AND START RUNNIN'
THAT-- BE CRAZY
♪ THEY 'POSED TO PROTECT US
THROW US IN HANDCUFFS
♪ AND ARREST US
WHILE THEY GO HOME AT NIGHT
♪ THAT-- MESSED UP
KNOWING WE NEEDED HELP
♪ THEY NEGLECT US
WONDERING WHO GON'
♪ MAKE THEM RESPECT US
I CAN SEE IN YOUR EYE
♪ THAT YOU FED UP
MESS AROUND. GOT MY SHOT
♪ I WON'T LET UP
THEY KNOW THAT WE
♪ A PROBLEM TOGETHER
THEY KNOW THAT WE CAN
♪ STORM ANY WEATHER
IT'S BIGGER THAN BLACK AND WHITE
♪ IT'S A PROBLEM WITH
THE WHOLE WAY OF LIFE
♪ IT CAN'T CHANGE OVERNIGHT
BUT WE GOTTA START SOMEWHERE
♪ MIGHT AS WELL
GON' 'HEAD START HERE
♪ WE DONE HAD A HELL OF A YEAR
I'MA MAKE IT COUNT
♪ WHILE I'M HERE
GOD IS THE ONLY MAN I FEAR
IT'S A STATE OF EMERGENCY.
IT'S BEEN A HELL OF A YEAR.
HELL FOR OVER 400 YEARS.
MY PEOPLE IT'S TIME WE STAND.
IT'S TIME WE DEMAND THE FREEDOM
THAT THIS LAND PROMISES.
PRESIDENT BIDEN. WE DEMAND
JUSTICE.
EQUITY. POLICY. AND EVERYTHING
ELSE THAT FREEDOM ENCOMPASSES.
AND TO ACCOMPLISH THIS. WE DON'T
NEED ALLIES. WE NEED
ACCOMPLICES.
IT'S BIGGER THAN BLACK AND
WHITE.
THIS IS NOT A TREND. THIS IS OUR
UNTIL FREEDOM!
EVERY VIDEO I SEE
♪ ON MY CONSCIENCE
I GOT POWER NOW
♪ I GOTTA SAY SOMETHIN'
CORRUPTED POLICE BEEN THE
♪ PROBLEM WHERE I'M FROM
BUT I'D BE LYING IF I SAID
♪ IT WAS ALL OF THEM
I AIN'T DO THIS FOR THE TREND
♪ I DON'T FOLLOW THEM
ALTERCATIONS WITH THE LAW
♪ HAD A LOT OF THEM
PEOPLE SPEAKING FOR THE PEOPLE
♪ I'M PROUD OF THEM
STICK TOGETHER. WE CAN
♪ GET IT UP OUT OF THEM
I CAN'T LIE LIKE I DON'T RAP
♪ ABOUT KILLING AND DOPE
BUT I'M TELLING MY YOUNGINS
♪ TO VOTE
I DID WHAT I DID 'CAUSE I DIDN'T
♪ HAVE NO CHOICE OR NO HOPE
I WAS FORCED TO JUST
♪ JUMP IN AND GO
THIS-- IS ALL THAT WE KNOW
♪ BUT IT'S TIME FOR A CHANGE
GOT TIME TO BE SERIOUS
♪ NO TIME FOR NO GAMES
WE AIN'T TAKIN' NO MORE
I WAS MAGICICALLY.
YOU CAN FACE IT AND SEE I MESSED
UP.
A BEFORE HE LAY DOWN. ALL OF
THEM ALL OF US NOTHING BUT
SLAVES AND NEVER FORGETTING THE
STORY.
BIGGER THAN BLACK AND WHITE.
CAN'T CHANGE
IT'S BIGGER THAN BLACK AND WHITE
♪ IT'S A PROBLEM WITH THE
WHOLE WAY OF LIFE
♪ IT CAN'T CHANGE OVERNIGHT
BUT WE GOTTA START SOMEWHERE
♪ MIGHT AS WELL
GON' 'HEAD START HERE
♪ WE DONE HAD A HELL OF A YEAR
I'MA MAKE IT COUNT
♪ WHILE I'M HERE
GOD IS THE ONLY MAN I FEAR
IT'S BIGGER THAN BLACK AND WHITE
♪ IT'S A PROBLEM WITH THE
WHOLE WAY OF LIFE
♪ IT CAN'T CHANGE OVERNIGHT
BUT WE GOTTA START SOMEWHERE
♪ MIGHT AS WELL
GON' 'HEAD START HERE
♪ WE DONE HAD A HELL OF A YEAR
I'MA MAKE IT COUNT
♪ WHILE I'M HERE
GOD IS THE ONLY MAN I FEAR ♪
STILL TO COME. RECORD OF THE
YEAR NOMINEE DOJA CAT AND
PERFORMANCES BY BTS AND RODDY
RICCH.
THIS IS CBS.
♪ ♪ ♪
WELCOME BACK.
NOW. PLEASE WELCOME TWO OF THE
GREATEST PRODUCERS. SONGWRITERS
AND ARTISTS IN MUSIC HISTORY.
BABYFACE AND JIMMY JAM!
♪ ♪ ♪
R&B IS THE SOURCE.
AND. AS THESE NOMINEES PROVE.
R&B REMAINS A FORCE.
THESE ARE THE NOMINEES FOR
BEST R&B PERFORMANCE.
"LIGHTNING & THUNDER." JHENE
AIKO. JOHN LEGEND.
"BLACK PARADE." BEYONCE.
"ALL I NEED." JACOB COLLIER.
MAHALIA. TY DOLLA $IGN.
"GOAT HEAD." BRITTANY HOWARD.
"SEE ME." EMILY KING.
♪ ♪ ♪
AND THE GRAMMY GOES TO...
OH!
OKAY. WAIT A MINUTE. HISTORY HAS
JUST BEEN MADE. BREAKING THE
ALL-TIME RECORD FOR THE MOST
GRAMMY WINS EVER BY ANY FEMALE
ARTIST OR ANY SINGER MALE OR
FEMALE. THE GRAMMY GOES TO
BEYONCE!
♪ ♪ ♪
THANK YOU GUYS SOCH. OH MY
GOD.
I AM SO HONORED.
I'M SO EXCITED.
THANK YOU.
AS AN ARTIST I BELIEVE IT'S MY
JOB AND ALL OF OUR JOBS TO
REFLECT THE TIMES.
AND IT'S BEEN SUCH A DIFFICULT
TIME.
SO I WANTED TO UPLIFT.
ENCOURAGE. CELEBRATE ALL OF THE
BEAUTIFUL BLACK QUEENS AND KINGS
THAT CONTINUE TO INSPIRE ME AND
INSPIRE THE WHOLE WORLD.
THIS IS SO OVERWHELMING.
I HAVE BEEN WORKING MY WHOLE
LIFE SINCE NINE YEARS OLD.
AND I CAN'T BELIEVE THIS
HAPPENED. IT'S SUCH A MAGICAL
NIGHT. THANK YOU SO MUCH.
I KNOW MY DAUGHTER IS WATCHING.
MY DAUGHTERS AND MY SON. BLU.
CONGRATULATIONS. YOU WON A
GRAMMY TONIGHT.
I'M SO PROUD OF YOU.
AND I'M SO HONORED TO BE YOUR
MOMMY. ALL OF YOUR MOMMIES.
Y'ALL ARE MY BABIES.
AND I'M SO PROUD OF Y'ALL.
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH. MY ROCK.
ENJOY YOUR NIGHT. THANK YOU.
HISTORY. PEOPLE. HISTORY.
GIVE IT UP FOR BEYONCE!
THIS IS HISTORY RIGHT NOW. ARE
YOU SERIOUS?
THIS IS HISTORY.
SHE DID IT. I THIS IS HISTORY!
WOW.
OKAY.
TIME OKAY. TIME FOR ANOTHER GIBSON
HAZARD DIRECTED FILM ABOUT OUR
RECORD OF THE YEAR NOMINEES.
YOU CAN SEE
EXTENDED VERSIONS OF ALL THESE
FILMS AND EXCLUSIVE INTERVIEWS
ON PARAMOUNT+ TONIGHT.
THIS NEXT PERFORMER IS TRULY A
STREAMING SUCCESS STORY FOR OUR
DIGITAL TIMES.
SHE'S THE ONLY PERSON WHO WENT
VIRAL LAST SUMMER AND DIDN'T
HAVE TO QUARANTINE.
THIS IS DOJA CAT.
♪ ♪ ♪
WHEN PEOPLE SAY I'M A NEW
ARTIST. I GET IT BECAUSE I
HAVEN'T REACHED THE LEVEL I'VE
REACHED UNTIL NOW.
BUT FOR ME. I'VE BEEN DOING THIS
FOR A VERY LONG TIME.
I R
MUSIC WHEN I WAS VERY YOUNG.
LIKE 13.
I STARTED SINGING BUT I WOULD
LOCK MAY DOOR AND SING REALLY
QUIET HOPING THAT MY FAMILY
WOULDN'T HEAR ME.
I WOULD MAKE THESE LIFE TEN
HOURS AT A TIME AND I HAD FANS
CRITIQUE MY MUSIC.
I WOULD HAVE THEM ON EVERY DAY.
THE SAME 50 PEOPLE THAT TURNED
INTO A HUNDRED. TO 500 TO A
THOUSAND.
TO WHAT ST TODAY.
THE WAY I FEEL ABOUT IT. I'M SO
GRATEFUL AND I'M SO HAPPY.
I FEEL LIKE I CAN HAVE A MOMENT
TO CELEBRATE EVERYTHING THAT
HAVE I WORKED SO HARD TO
ACHIEVE.
I HAVEN'T BEEN WAITING FOR
THIS MY WHOLE LIFE.
I'VE BEEN PREPARING
GRAMMY'S. WELCOME TO PLANET
EARTH.
♪ DAY TO NIGHT TO MORNING
KEEP WITH ME IN THE MOMENT
♪ I'D LET YOU HAD I KNOWN IT
WHY DON'T YOU SAY SO?
IT'S BEEN A LONG TIME SINCE
YOU.
♪ TELL ME WHAT MUST I DO.
I WON'T STOP CHEESEIN. AND WE
CAN DANCE ALL DAY IF YOU WANT
♪ AROUND IT IF YOU FRONT
THEN I'LL BE BOUNCING
♪ IF YOU WANT IT
SCREAM AND SHOUT IT. BABE
♪ BEFORE I LEAVE YOU DRY
DAY TO NIGHT TO MORNING
♪ KEEP WITH ME IN THE MOMENT
I'D LET YOU HAD I KNOWN IT
♪ WHY DON'T YOU SAY SO?
DIDN'T EVEN NOTICE
♪ NO PUNCHES LEFT TO ROLL WITH
YOU GOT TO KEEP ME FOCUSED
♪ YOU WANT IT. SAY SO
♪ ♪ ♪
♪ WHY DON'T YOU SAY SO?
HE AIN'T NEVER SEEN IT
♪ IN A DRESS LIKE THIS
HE AIN'T NEVER EVEN BEEN
♪ IMPRESSED LIKE THIS
PROLLY WHY I GOT HIM QUIET
♪ ON THE SET LIKE ZIP
LIKE IT. LOVE IT
♪ NEED IT BAD
TAKE IT. OWN IT. STEAL IT
♪ FAST BOY. STOP PLAYING
GRAB MY AAH
♪ WHY YOU ACTIN' LIKE YOU SHY?
SHUT IT. SAVE IT. KEEP IT
♪ PUSHIN' WHY YOU BEATING
'ROUND THE BUSH?
♪ AND KNOWING YOU WANT ALL
THIS WOMAN NEVER KNOCK IT
♪ 'TIL YOU TRY. YEAH. YEAH
ALL OF THEM HATING
♪ I HAVE YOU WITH ME ALL OF MY--
SAYING YOU MAD COMMITTED
♪ REALER THN ANYBODY YOU HAD
AND PRETTY ALL OF THAT BODY-ODY
♪ KEEP WITH ME IN THE MOMENT
I'D LET YOU HAD I KNOWN IT
♪ WHY DON'T YOU SAY SO?
DIDN'T EVEN NOTICE
♪ NO PUNCHES LEFT TO ROLL WITH
YOU GOT TO KEEP ME FOCUSED
♪ YOU WANT IT. SAY SO
DAY TO NIGHT TO MORNING
♪ KEEP WITH ME IN THE MOMENT
I'D LET YOU HAD I KNOWN IT
♪ WHY DON'T YOU SAY SO?
DIDN'T EVEN NOTICE
♪ NO PUNCHES LEFT TO ROLL WITH
YOU GOT TO KEEP ME FOCUSED
♪ YOU WANT IT. SAY SO ♪
UP NEXT. A GRAMMY PERFORMANCE
BY BTS AND WHO WILL TAKE HOME
THE AWARD FOR ALBUM OF THE YEAR.
ONCE AGAIN. LET'S GO TO CASSIE
BACKSTAGE. WE ARE BACK WITH OUR
FACEBOOK GROUP MEMBERS WHO HAVE
COME TOGETHER WITH A SHARED
PASSION FOR MUSIC.
AND ONE OF THE GROUPS HERE
TONIGHT WE LOVE MUSIC CELEBRATES
EVERY KIND OF MUSIC AND CLEARLY
THAT IS WHAT ALBUM OF THE YEAR
IS ALL ABOUT.
JUST LOOKING AT HOW MANY GENRES
ARE REPRESENTED. RAP. SOUL. POP.
R&B. ALL WINNERS FOR SURE BUT
WHO WILL TAKE HOME THE AWARD.
STAY TUNED TO FIND OUT.
THE 634rd GRAMMY AWARDS
IS SPONSORED BY FACEBOOK. TAKE
ON ANYTHING WITH FACEBOOK
GROUPS.
♪ ♪ ♪
WELCOME BACK TO THE
GRAMMYS.
LET'S GO ACROSS TOWN NOW TO A
GREAT INDEPENDENT VENUE IN
HOLLYWOOD AND MEET THE BARTENDER
AT THE HOTEL CAFÉ. CANDICE FOX.
HELLO. MY NAME IS CANDICE FOX
AND I AM A BARTENDER AT THE
HOTEL CAFE RIGHT HERE IN LOS
ANGELES. CALIFORNIA.
IF YOU WERE TO COME TO THE HOTEL
CAFE FOR THE FIRST TIME ONE OF
THE FIRST THINGS THAT YOU WOULD
NOTICE IS THAT IT FEELS LIKE
HOME.
THERE IS A REAL SENSE OF
COMMUNITY HERE AMONGST THE
MUSICIANS AND PATRONS ALIKE.
IT HAS GOT A REALLY LOVING
COMMUNAL ENERGY.
THE LAST TIME WE HAD AN AUDIENCE
HERE AT THE HOTEL CAFE WAS
EXACTLY ONE YEAR AGO. MARCH
14th.
THE LAST YEAR HAS BEEN TOUGH.
YOU KNOW.
I MEAN THIS IS MORE THAN JUST A
JOB TO ME.
THIS IS MY FAMILY. THIS IS MY
COMMUNITY.
AND FOR THIS PLACE TO NO LONGER
EXIST WOULD BE DEVASTATING.
IT WOULD BE ABSOLUTELY
HEARTBREAKING.
I DEFINITELY DO MISS MY REGULARS
THAT I AM USED TO SEEING HERE ON
ANY GIVEN NIGHT. JOHN. HE WANTS
A DIET COKE. PHIL GETS A
BOTTINGTON. PETER I KNOW HE
WANTS AN OLD-FASHIONED.
IT IS MY HONOR TO PRESENT THE
GRAMMY FOR ALBUM OF THE YEAR.
HERE ARE THE NOMINATIONS.
"CHILOMBO." JHENÉ
AIKO.
"BLACK PUMAS (DELUXE EDITION)."
BLACK PUMAS.
"EVERYDAY LIFE." COLDPLAY.
"DJESSE VOL. 3." JACOB COLLIER.
"WOMEN IN MUSIC PT. III." HAIM.
"FUTURE NOSTALGIA." DUA LIPA.
"HOLLYWOOD'S BLEEDING." POST
MALONE.
"FOLKLORE." TAYLOR SWIFT.
CANDICE. THANK YOU
FOR BEING HERE.
PLEASE DO THE HONORS.
ALRIGHT. AND THE GRAMMY GOES
"FOLKLORE." TAYLOR SWIFT.
♪ ♪ ♪
WOW. IT'S HARD TO BELIEVE
THAT WE'RE STANDING UP HERE. I'M
STANDING UP HERE WITH ONE OF THE
GREATEST LIVING SONGWRITERS WHO
SHOW TRUSTED ME TO COLLABORATE
IN THIS CRAZY TIME WE ALL LIVE
THROUGH.
I JUST WANT TO SAY THANK YOU TO
MY FAMILY. MY BEAUTIFUL WIFE WHO
ALWAYS LIFTS ME UP. MY CHILDREN.
INGRID. ROBYN AND MIMI WHO
INSPIRE ME AND I WANT TO THANK
JOHN LOW WHO IS BEHIND ME WHO
RECORDED AND MIXED EVERYTHING
THAT I WORKED ON.
I WANT TO THANK LAURA. IT IS AN
HONOR TO WORK WITH JACK. IS HE
AN INCREDIBLE PRODUCER AND
SONGWRITER. JUSTIN WHO IS NOT
HERE TONIGHT. A HUGE PART OF
THIS RECORD AND MY BROTHER BRYCE
WHO ORCHESTRATED MUCH OF THIS
RECORD AND IS PART OF EVERYTHING
I DO.
THANK YOU.
OH GOD. I WANT TO THANK ALL
OF MY COLLABORATORS WHO ARE ON
THE STAGE. AND JUSTIN VERNON.
I'M SO EXCITED TO MEET YOU SOME
DAY. JOE. WHO IS THE FIRST
PERSON THAT I PLAY EVERY SINGLE
SONG THAT I WRITE AND I HAD THE
BEST TIME WRITING SONGS WITH YOU
IN QUARANTINE. I WANT TO THANK
JAMES. INEZ AND BETTY AND THEIR
PARENTS WHO ARE THE SECOND AND
THIRD PEOPLE THAT I PLAY EVERY
NEW SONG THAT I WRITE BUT MOSTLY
WE JUST WANT TO THANK THE FANS.
YOU GUYS MET US IN THIS
IMAGINARY WORLD THAT WE CREATED
AND WE CAN'T TELL YOU HOW HONORS
WE ARE FOREVER. BY THIS. THANK
YOU SO MUCH.
AND THANK YOU TO THE RECORDING
ACADEMY.
WE WILL NEVER FORGET THAT YOU
DID THIS FOR US.
THANK YOU SO MUCH.
♪ ♪ ♪
RODDY RICCH. BTS. AND THEN THE
RECORD OF THE YEAR.
THIS IS CBS.
♪ ♪ ♪
TONIGHT. I'M NOT JUST
THE HOST OF THE GRAMMY AWARDS.
I'M THE OPENING ACT FOR A GREAT
SONGWRITER. MUSIC AND FILM
PRODUCER WHO ALSO IS THE
RECORDING ACADEMY CHAIR AND
INTERIM PRESIDENT AND C.E.O.
HE ALSO HAND-SCULPTED EVERY
GRAMMY STATUE HERE TONIGHT.
HARVEY MASON. JR.
NOW. NORMALLY. THIS IS WHEN SOME
ONE WOULD WALK OUT ONSTAGE. AND
YOU'D ALL TAKE A BATHROOM BREAK.
BUT LIKE EVERYTHING ELSE THIS
YEAR. WE'RE DOING THINGS A
LITTLE DIFFERENTLY.
SO TAKE A LOOK.
MUSIC REQUIRES LISTENING.
YOU HEAR THE VOCALS.
THE DRUMS.
THE RHYTHM GUITAR.
YOU LISTEN MORE CLOSELY AND YOU
WILL HEAR SO MUCH MORE.
LISTEN TO A SINGER-SONGWRITER
TRYING TO MAKE THEIR WAY TO THE
BIG CITY. A KID. LISTEN HOPE.
AND HEARTBREAK.
TO LATE NIGHTS IN THE ST AUDIO
TO MONTHS ON THE ROAD. THE
SILENT UNCERTAINTY THE NEXT DAY.
LISTEN TO THE VOICES OF YOUR
GENERATION. THOSE THAT CAME
BEFORE YOU. AND THOSE WHO ARE
NEXT.
LISTEN TO THE SIGNATURE SOUND OF
A GREAT PRODUCER. THE BACKUP
SINGERS WHO SING ALONG WHOSE
NAMES YOU MAY NEVER KNOW.
LISTEN TO LOVE.
TO DEDICATION PUT INTO EVERY
SONG. EVERY ALBUM.
TO THE YEARS OF HARD WORK THAT
GO INTO EVERY OVERNIGHT SUCCESS.
LISTEN TO THE WORK LIFE'S WORK
OF PEOPLE WHO DEDICATE THEIR
LIVES TO THIS WORK.
THE RECORDING ACADEMY'S JOB
ISN'T JUST TO HAND OUT AWARDS.
IT IS TO LISTEN TO THE MUG MUSIC
AND TO HEAR THE VOICES OF ALL
THOSE WHO MAKE IT.
AND WE ARE LISTENING LIKE NEVER
BEFORE.
WE HEAR THE CRIES FOR DIVERSITY.
THE PLEAS FOR REPRESENTATION AND
DEMANDS FOR TRANSPARENCY.
I FIRST JOINED THE ACADEMY 20
YEARS AGO SO I COULD VOTE FOR
MYSELF.
BUT WHAT I QUICKLY FOUND. WHAT
LED ME TO BECOME A TRUSTY AND
NOW CHAIR.
BOARD IS THAT THE RECORDING
ACADEMY IS SO MUCH MORE THAN
AWARDS. MORE THAN INDIVIDUAL
ARTISTS OR EVEN WHO IS CHAIR.
TONIGHT I'M HERE TO ASK THE
ENTIRE MUSIC COMMUNITY TO JOIN
IN. WORK WITH US. NOT AGAINST
US. AS WE BUILD A NEW RECORDING
ACADEMY THAT WE CAN ALL BE PROUD
OF.
ONE THAT WILL CONTINUE TO DO THE
WORK AND SERVE EVERYONE IN THE
INDUSTRY.
AND WE MIGHT NOT GET IT RIGHT
100 PERCENT OF THE TIME AND WE
CERTAINLY WON'T BE ABLE TO MAKE
EVERYBODY HAPPY BUT WE WILL
PROVIDE SUPPORT IN TIMES OF
NEED.
WE WILL PRESERVE MUSIC AND
EDUCATE THE NEXT GENERATION.
WE WILL ADVOCATE FOR THE RIGHTS
OF ALL CREATORS TO MAKE SURE
THEY CAN CONTINUE TO EARN A FAIR
LIVING MAKING MUSIC.
AND WE WILL STAND UP FOR WHAT IS
RIGHT AND FIGHT FOR GREATER
DIVERSITY AND MORE EQUAL
REPRESENTATION.
THIS IS NOT A VISION FOR
TOMORROW. ST A JOB FOR TODAY.
OUR WORK IS IMPORTANT BECAUSE
MUSIC IS IMPORTANT.
THANK YOU.
THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR THAT.
HARVEY. I WAS LISTENING AND THAT
SOUNDED GREAT.
NOW IT'S TIME
YEAR NOMINEE FILM FROM THE
VISIONARY GIBSON HAZARD.
THIS TIME IT'S ABOUT A GIFTED
YOUNG ARTIST WHO EARLIER TONIGHT
HELPED US KICK OFF THE SHOW.
SHE'S ALSO THE REASON PARENTS
ALL OVER THE WORLD ARE LOOKING
AT THEIR TEENAGERS. ASKING.
"WHAT HAVE YOU ACHIEVED?"
THIS IS BILLIE EILISH.
THERE WAS LIKE A PERIOD OF
TIME WHERE I LIKE DIDN'T WANT TO
GO TO SLEEP BECAUSE I WAS
FREAKED OUT BY MY DREAMS.
SLEEP PARALYSIS. NIGHTMARES.
LUCID DREAMS.
IT WAS SUCH A HUGE PART OF MY
LIFE.
AND SO I KIND OF WAS LIKE HOW
CAN I TAKE ADVANTAGE OF THIS
HORRIBLE. HORRIBLE THING THAT
HAVE I TO DEAL WITH.
WHY DON'T I LET IT INSPIRE ME.
MY BROTHER FINNEAS HAS BEEN
MY BEST FRIEND FOR MY WHOLE
LIFE.
WE WROTE THIS SONG ABOUT BEING
THERE FOR EACH OTHER.
SO WHEN I HEAR IT. I JUST FEEL
SO LOVED AND I FEEL SO COMFORTED
AND SAFE AND WARM.
2020 GRAMMYS.
MAYBE THE BEST NIGHT OF MY
LIFE.
AND THE GRAMMY.
AND THE GRAMMY GOES TO.
BILLIE EILISH.
BAD GUY. BILLIE EILISH.
BAD GUY. WHEN WE FALL ASLEEP
WHERE DO WE GO.
BILLIE EILISH.
THE FACT THAT WE WROTE THAT
ALBUM IN OUR CHILDHOOD HOME.
THAT'S CRAZY.
THAT WAS AMAZING.
I THINK ABOUT IT EVERY DAY.
BILLIE EILISH.
EVERYONE!
WHAT A TALENT.
THE GRAMMY AWARDS ARE A TRULY
GLOBAL EVENT. AND WE ARE NOW
THRILLED TO BE JOINED BY A
KOREAN GROUP THAT MADE HISTORY
WITH THEIR FIRST EVER GRAMMY
NOMINATION THIS YEAR.
PERFORMING THEIR NOMINATED SMASH
"DYNAMITE." THIS IS BTS.
♪ 'CAUSE I. I. I'M
IN THE STARS TONIGHT
♪ SO WATCH ME BRING THE FIRE
AND SET THE NIGHT ALIGHT
♪ SHOES ON. GET UP IN THE MORN'
CUP OF MILK. LET'S ROCK AND ROLL
♪ KING KONG
KICK THE DRUM
♪ ROLLING ON
LIKE A ROLLING STONE
♪ SING SONG
WHEN I'M WALKIN' HOME
♪ JUMP UP TO THE TOP. LEBRON
DING-DONG. CALL ME ON MY PHONE
♪ ICE TEA AND A
GAME OF PING PONG
♪ THIS IS GETTIN' HEAVY
CAN YOU HEAR THE BASS BOOM?
♪ I'M READY. WOO-HOO
LIFE IS SWEET AS HONEY. YEAH
♪ THIS BEAT CHA-CHING
LIKE MONEY. HUH DISCO OVERLOAD
♪ I'M INTO THAT. I'M GOOD TO GO
I'M DIAMOND. YOU KNOW I GLOW UP
♪ HEY. SO LET'S GO
'CAUSE I. I. I'M
♪ IN THE STARS TONIGHT
SO WATCH ME BRING THE FIRE
♪ AND SET THE NIGHT ALIGHT. HEY
SHININ' THROUGH THE CITY
♪ WITH A LITTLE FUNK AND SOUL
SO I'MA LIGHT IT UP
♪ LIKE DYNAMITE. WOAH-OH-OH
BRING A FRIEND. JOIN THE CROWD
♪ WHOEVER WANNA COME ALONG
WORD UP. TALK THE TALK
♪ JUST MOVE LIKE WE OFF THE WALL
DAY OR NIGHT. THE SKY'S ALIGHT
♪ SO WE DANCE TO THE BREAK OF
DAWN HEY. LADIES AND GENTLEMEN
♪ I GOT THE MEDICINE. SO YOU
SHOULD KEEP YA EYES ON THE BALL
♪ HUH. THIS IS GETTIN' HEAVY
CAN YOU HEAR THE BASS BOOM?
♪ I'M READY. WOO-HOO
LIFE IS SWEET AS HONEY. YEAH
♪ THIS BEAT CHA-CHING LIKE MONEY
HUH DISCO OVERLOAD
♪ I'M INTO THAT. I'M GOOD TO GO
I'M DIAMOND. YOU KNOW I GLOW UP
♪ LET'S GO
'CAUSE I. I. I'M
♪ IN THE STARS TONIGHT
SO WATCH ME BRING THE FIRE
♪ AND SET THE NIGHT ALIGHT. HEY
SHININ' THROUGH THE CITY
♪ WITH A LITTLE FUNK AND SOUL
SO I'MA
♪ LIGHT IT UP LIKE DYNAMITE
WOAH-OH-OH
♪ DYN-NA-NA-NA. NA-NA-NA-NA-NA
NA-NA-NA
DYN-NA-NA-NA. NA-NA-NA-NA-NA
♪ NA-NA-NA.
LIFE IS DYNAMITE
DYN-NA-NA-NA. NA-NA-NA-NA-NA
♪ NA-NA-NA.
LIFE IS DYNAMITE
♪ 'CAUSE I. I. I'M
IN THE STARS TONIGHT
♪ SO WATCH ME BRING THE FIRE
AND SET THE NIGHT ALIGHT
♪ SHININ' THROUGH THE CITY
WITH A LITTLE FUNK AND SOUL
♪ SO I'MA LIGHT IT UP
LIKE DYNAMITE
♪ THIS IS AH
'CAUSE I. I. I'M
♪ IN THE STARS TONIGHT
SO WATCH ME BRING THE FIRE
♪ AND SET THE NIGHT ALIGHT
ALIGHT. OH
♪ SHININ' THROUGH THE CITY
WITH A LITTLE FUNK AND SOUL
♪ SO I'MA LIGHT IT UP
LIKE DYNAMITE
♪ WOAH-OH-OH
DYN-NA-NA-NA. NA-NA-NA-NA-NA
♪ NA-NA-NA
LIFE IS DYNAMITE
♪ LIFE IS DYNAMITE
DYN-NA-NA-NA. NA-NA-NA-NA-NA
♪ NA-NA-NA
LIFE IS DYNAMITE. OH
♪ SHININ' THROUGH THE CITY
WITH A LITTLE FUNK AND SOUL
♪ SO I'MA LIGHT IT UP LIKE
DYNAMITE. WOAH-OH-OH ♪
BTS!
DID YOU SEE THAT?
THEY WERE IN SEOUL. KOREA.
THE WHOLE TIME.
THEY LITERALLY RECREATED OUR
WHOLE SET OVER THERE!
THEY COULDN'T BE HERE. BUT
WANTED TO BE HERE. SO THEY
REBUILT HERE. OVER THERE.
THERE OUGHTA BE AN AWARD JUST
FOR THAT.
THAT WAS AMAZING.
NOW. I DON'T NEED TO TELL YOU.
BUT THIS HAS BEEN A REALLY TOUGH
YEAR FOR TEACHERS. ESPECIALLY
THOSE TEACHING MUSIC.
IF YOU THINK YOUR WORK ZOOM
CALLS ARE BAD. TRY TEACHING AN
EIGHT YEAR OLD WITH SPOTTY WiFi
HOW TO PLAY TROMBONE.
AND THAT'S WHY I'M VERY HONORED
TO PRESENT THE MUSIC EDUCATOR
AWARD.
THIS IS PRESENTED BY THE
RECORDING ACADEMY AND GRAMMY
MUSEUM TO RECOGNIZE CURRENT
EDUCATORS WHO HAVE MADE A
SIGNIFICANT CONTRIBUTION TO
MUSIC EDUCATION.
THIS YEAR'S MUSIC EDUCATOR AWARD
GOES TO DR. JEFFREY MURDOCK.
ASSOCIATE DIRECTOR OF CHORAL
ACTIVITIES AT THE UNIVERSITY OF
ARKANSAS AT FAYETTEVILLE.
I'M ALSO HONORED TO ANNOUNCE
THAT EARLIER TODAY. THE GRAMMY
AWARD FOR PRODUCER OF THE YEAR.
NON-CLASSICAL WENT TO ANDREW
WATT.
ALL NIGHT TONIGHT. WE HAVE BEEN
FEATURING OUR RECORD OF YEAR
NOMINEES WHO WERE PERFORMING.
BUT NOW WE WANT TO ALSO
SPOTLIGHT BEYONCÉ'S IMPACTFUL
RECORD. "BLACK PARADE." A
POWERFUL STATEMENT ABOUT SHARING
JOY EVEN AMID STRUGGLE.
IT WAS CREATED TO UPLIFT. AND
HAS BECOME MORE THAN A SONG. BUT
A MOVEMENT TO SUPPORT SMALL
BLACK-OWNED BUSINESSES.
RELEASED ON JUNE 19. 2020. TO
COMMEMORATE JUNETEENTH. THIS
RECORD HONORS THE HISTORY AND
BEAUTY OF BLACKNESS AND THE
STRENGTH OF COMMUNITY.
SO HERE'S A LOOK AT "BLACK
PARADE."
♪ ♪ ♪
♪ WE GOT RHYTHM.
♪ WE GOT PRIDE.
♪ WE WERE KINGS.
♪ ONLY RIVER.
♪ ONLY TOWNS SNEET SEEK THE
GLORY.
♪ FEEL THE LOVE.
♪ MOTHERLAND. DRIP ON ME.
♪ MOTHERLAND. MOTHERLAND DRIP ON
ME.
♪ HISTORREE. IS HER STORY.
♪ MOTHERLAND. MOTHERLAND DRIP ON
ME.
♪ HERE WE COME.
♪ FOLLOW MY PARADE. BLACK
PARADE.
♪.
AND NOW TIME FOR SOME MORE
MUSIC.
LET'S WELCOME BACK TO THE ST
LET'S WELCOME BACK TO THE STAGE
RODDY RICCH!
♪ ♪ ♪
♪ THIS LIFE LEFT ME HEARTLESS
AND I CAME FROM APARTMENTS
♪ THE MONEY TURNED ME
INTO A TARGET
♪ GOT A HELLCAT DODGE IT
I HOPE YOU LOOKING DOWN ON ME
♪ I HOPE YOU'RE PROUD OF ME
MAIN REASON A NINE-MILLIMETER
♪ GOTTA RIDE WITH ME
ESPECIALLY 'CAUSE I
♪ GOT A LITTLE ONE
ESPECIALLY 'CAUSE I GOT AN O.G.
♪ AYE. ESPECIALLY 'CAUSE
I GOTTA GO HOME
♪ ESPECIALLY 'CAUSE
I GOTTA GET THIS CHEESE
♪ TALK TO THE STREETS
MOST THEM HITTERS WACK
♪ MOST THEM HITTERS IN
THE PENITENTIARIES
♪ FROM SERVING CRACK
WE DONE WITNESSED WARTIME
♪ IT WAS FACTS
'TIL MY YOUNG HITTERS
♪ TURNED TO A NEW ASSASSIN
HE JUST WANNA KEEP
♪ RIGHT STRIKERS
AND KEEP ON RIDING
♪ THE JUDGE GONNA PUT HIM DOWN
PUT HIM DOWN
♪ PUT HIM DOWN
'TIL HE CAN'T SEE
♪ THE LIGHT AGAIN
THIS LIFE LEFT ME HEARTLESS
♪ AND I CAME FROM APARTMENTS
THE MONEY TURNED ME
♪ INTO A TARGET
GOT A HELLCAT DODGE IT
♪ I HOPE YOU LOOKING DOWN ON ME
I HOPE YOU'RE PROUD OF ME
MAIN REASON A NINE-MILLIMETER
♪ GOTTA RIDE WITH ME ♪
♪ ♪ ♪
WHERE THE STASH AT?
♪ CRUISE THE CITY IN
A BULLETPROOF CADILLAC
♪ 'CAUSE I KNOW THESE HITTERS
AFTER WHERE THE BAG AT
♪ I GOTTA MOVE SMARTER
I GOTTA MOVE HARDER
♪ IF YOU TRY TO GET ME
FOR MY WATER
♪ I'LL LAY HIS-- DOWN
ON MY SON OR MY DAUGHTER
♪ I HAD THE DRACO WITH ME
DWAYNE CARTER
♪ LOTTA HITTERS OUT HERE PLAYIN'
AIN'T BALLIN'
♪ I DONE PUT MY WHOLE ARM
IN THE RIM
♪ VINCE CARTER
AND I KNOW PROBABLY GET
♪ A KEY FOR THE QUARTER
SHAWTY BARELY SEEN IN DOUBLE C'S
♪ I BOUGHT 'EM
GOT A SHAWTY
♪ LOOKING LIKE AALIYAH
SHE A MODEL
♪ I GOT THE PINK SLIP
ALL MY WHIPS IS KEY-LESS
♪ COMPTON. I'M ABOUT TO GET
THE KEY TO THE CITY
♪ LIKE THE SEA
FORGIVE ME
♪ HEY TOLD 'EM 12. SWAT
BUSTIN' ALL THE BELLS
♪ OUT THE BOX
I JUST HIT A LICK WITH THE BOX
♪ HAD TO PUT THE STICK IN A BOX
WHAT YOU SAY
♪ POUR UP THE WHOLE SEAL
I'MA GET LAZY
♪ I GOT THE MOJO DEALS
WE BEEN TRAPPIN' LIKE THE '80S
♪ GOTTA CASH APP
TOLD 'EM WIPE A-- NOSE
♪ AYE
I WON'T NEVER SELL MY SOUL
AND I REALLY WANNA KNOW
♪ HEY ♪
♪ ♪ ♪
STILL TO COME. WHO WILL WALK
AWAY WITH THE GRAMMY FOR RECORD
OF THE YEAR?
WILL IT BE BLACK PUMAS. DABABY
FEATURING RODDY RICCH. DOJA CAT.
BILLIE AISLE ASH. DUA LIPA OR
MEGAN THEE STALLION. THIS IS CBS
THE RECORDING ACADEMY AND
CBS CONDEMN AND DENOUNCE ALL
FORMS OF RACISM. SEXISM.
VIOLENCE. ANTI-SEMITISM AND
HATE.
LET'S CONTINUE TO USE MUSIC TO
BRING PEOPLE TOGETHER.
LEADING WITH LOVE. HEALING AND A
SENSE OF UNITY ACROSS ALL LINES
OF DIFFERENCE.
♪ ♪ ♪
DON'T MISS A BEAT
AFTER TONIGHT'S BROADCAST WITH
THE GRAMMY POST SHOW ON
grammy.com.
JOIN YOUR FAVORITE FACEBOOK
GROUP AND RELIVE THE NIGHT'S
WINNERS. PERFORMANCES. FASHION
AND MORE.
THIS YEAR'S LIFETIME ACHIEVEMENT
THE PIONEERING RAP
GROUP GRANDMASTER FLASH & THE
FURIOUS FIVE; LEGENDARY JAZZ
MUSICIAN AND BANDLEADER LIONEL
HAMPTON; GRAMMY-WINNING MEZZO-
SOPRANO OPERA GREAT MARILYN
HORNE; THE "FIRST LADIES OF RAP
& HIP HOP." SALT-N-PEPA; "QUEEN
OF TEJANO MUSIC." SELENA; AND
THE ACCLAIMED AND GROUNDBREAKING
ROCK BAND TALKING HEADS.
THE RECORDING ACADEMY PRESENTS
ITS TRUSTEES AWARD TO GRAMMY AND
EMMY-WINNING RECORDING ENGINEER
ED CHERNEY. JAZZ LEGEND AND
COMPOSER BENNY GOLSON. AND 11-
TIMES GRAMMY WINNING ARTIST.
PRODUCER. SONGWRITER AND RECORD
COMPANY EXECUTIVE KENNETH
"BABYFACE" EDMONDS.
AND THIS YEAR'S TECHNICAL GRAMMY
AWARD RECIPIENT IS DANIEL WEISS.
A PIONEER IN DIGITAL TECHNOLOGY
AND THE FOUNDER OF WEISS
ENGINEERING.
CONGRATULATIONS TO ALL OF THE
RECORDING ACADEMY'S SPECIAL
MERIT HONOREES FOR 2021.
IT'S TIME NOW FOR OUR
FINAL AWARD OF THE NIGHT BEFORE
EVERYONE GOES HOME AND GETS BACK
IN THEIR SWEATPANTS FOR ANOTHER
FEW MONTHS.
HERE TO PRESENT RECORD OF THE
YEAR. PLEASE WELCOME A NINE-TIME
GRAMMY AWARD WINNER. A RECORDING
AND A MEMBER OF A PROMISING
LITTLE BAND CALLED THE BEATLES--
THE ONE AND ONLY RINGO STARR.
♪ ♪ ♪
THANK YOU. THANK YOU VERY
MUCH.
PEACE AND LOVE. EVERYBODY.
NOT THAT LOUD NOW.
ANYWAY. AFTER A YEAR WHEN YOU'VE
ALL BEEN ZOOMING IN AND
GOOD EVENING. GRAMMY PEOPLE.
AFTER A YEAR WHEN WE'VE ALL BEEN
ZOOMING IN AND ZOOMING OUT. IT'S
GREAT TO BE HERE.
IN FACT. IT'S GREAT TO BE
ANYWHERE.
'CAUSE NO MATTER WHAT HAPPENS.
MUSIC GOES ON. SO I'M HONORED TO
BE HERE AT THE GRAMMYS. AS I'VE
BEEN MANY TIMES SINCE WHEN I WAS
IN THAT OTHER BAND.
AND I WANT TO SAY THIS WITH
PEACE AND LOVE TO ALL OF THESE
IF YOU'RE
MAKING MUSIC IN OUR WORLD TODAY.
YOU'VE ALREADY WON.
AND I THANK YOU.
THESE ARE
THESE ARE THE OUTSTANDING
NOMINATIONS FOR RECORD OF THE
YEAR.
"BLACK PARADE."
BEYONCE.
"COLORS." BLACK PUMAS.
"ROCKSTAR." DaBABY FEATURING
RODDY RICCH.
"SAY SO." DOJA CAT.
"EVERYTHING I WANTED." BILLIE
EILISH.
"DON'T START NOW." DUA LIPA.
"CIRCLES." POST MALONE.
"SAVAGE." MEGAN THEE STALLION
FEATURING BEYONCE.
TO SOMEBODY.
BILLIE EILISH.
♪ ♪ ♪
♪.
THIS IS REALLY EMBARRASS
RASING FOR ME.
MEGAN. GIRL. I WAS GOING TO
WRITE A SPEECH ABOUT HOW YOU
DESERVED THIS. BUT THEN THERE IS
LIKE THERE IS NO WAY THEY WILL
CHOOSE ME. I WAS LIKE IT'S HERS.
YOU DESERVE THIS.
YOU HAD A YEAR THAT I THINK IS
UNTOPPABLE.
YOU ARE A QUEEN.
I WANT IT CRY THINKING ABOUT HOW
MUCH I LOVE YOU.
ARE YOU SO BEAUTIFUL. YOU ARE SO
TALENTED.
YOU DESERVE EVERYTHING IN THE
WORLD.
I THINK ABOUT YOU CONSTANTLY.
I ROOT FOR YOU ALWAYS.
YOU DESERVE IT. HONESTLY.
GENUINELY. THIS GOES TO HER. CAN
WE JUST CHEER FOR MEGAN THEE
STALLION.
BUT THANK YOU ALSO. I REALLY DO
APPRECIATE THIS.
THANK YOU TO THE ACADEMY. THANK
YOU TO RINGO.
I LOVE YOU. I LOVE MY TEAM.
THANK YOU TO MY BROTHER FINNEAS
AND YEAH. THANKS FOR BEING HERE.
I LOVE YOU. THANK YOU.
CONGRATS BILLIE
EILISH!
THANK YOU ALL FOR BEING A PART
OF MUSIC'S BIGGEST NIGHT.
IT'S TIME TO HEAD TO THE CRAZY
AFTER PARTY. ALONE ON MY COUCH.
FOR 63 YEARS NOW. THE MUSIC
COMMUNITY HAS COME TOGETHER ON
GRAMMY NIGHT TO CELEBRATE
EXCELLENCE.
THANK YOU TO ALL OF THE ARTISTS
AND ALL THOSE WHO MADE THIS
UNIQUE AND BEAUTIFUL GRAMMY
NIGHT POSSIBLE.
GOOD NIGHT!
Captioning sponsored by CBS
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org
♪ ♪ ♪
♪ A LOVELY DAY
LOVELY DAY
♪ LOVELY DAY
♪ A LOVELY DAY
LOVELY DAY